01-27-95
ViPer009.





ÚÄÄÄÄ¿    ÚÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
À¿  ÚÙ    À¿  ÚÙ À¿ ÚÙ À¿  ÚÄÄÄ¿  ³ ³ ÚÄÄÄÙ ³ ÚÄÄ¿ ³
 À¿ À¿    ÚÙ ÚÙ   ³ ³   ³  ³   ³  ³ ³ ÀÄ¿   ³ ÀÄÄÙ ³
  À¿ À¿  ÚÙ ÚÙ    ³ ³   ³  ÀÄÄÄÙ  ³ ³ ÚÄÙ   ³ ÚÄ¿ ÚÙ
   À¿ À¿ÚÙ ÚÙ    ÚÙ À¿  ³  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ³ ÀÄÄÄ¿ ³ ³ ³ À¿
    À¿ ÀÙ ÚÙ     ÀÄÄÄÙ  ³  ³        ÀÄÄÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÙ ÀÄÄÙ
     À¿  ÚÙ            ÚÙ  À¿
      ÀÄÄÙ             ÀÄÄÄÄÙ
        VIOLENT PERFECTION


 "A good idea circulated and discussed is worth
   a million brilliant ones buried in the archives."





Disclaimer:   The contents of this article include
         strictly theoretical material for success
         or failure of which neither the group nor
         the author can be held accountable.






         ASSASSINATION - TO KILL A MAN   (viper009.)



by DAIMYO



    "Is it hard to kill a man?!" - a lot of us asked
this question. The answer can be easy or hard
depending on our understanding and personal
complexity.

    Although all of us can easily kill our own kind,
given proper circumstances, it is living with that
knowledge that hurts most of us deeply.

    All soldiers, all nationalities, all killers -
find it hard to lead a normal life after killing
other people. From the Samurai of ancient Japan, to
the Navy Seals of modern United States - no one is
immune to this sickness.

    At some point in their lives, all those soldiers
and killers loose the ability to make value
judgements. They either become psychotic and loose
control, break down and go into unreal worlds of
alcohol and drugs, or become dangerously suicidal.

    All countries and all agencies have this
problem. It seems the more civilized we become as
one people, the less of us can kill, and even most
of those who can - cannot live with such knowledge.

    Would you be surprised that during World War II,
the volume of fire of a regular American military
unit (from poorly trained infantry to marines)
during combat - never went higher than 25 percent!
That is, only one fourth of the whole unit fired at
least once during an engagement (Taken from "The
Department of US Army Field Report" by Colonel
S.L.A. Marshall).

    During the same war, a regular Japanese unit's
volume of fire was about 45-50 percent. Only half of
all soldiers ever fired a weapon during a firefight.

    People just seem unwilling to kill each other.
Which is a very bad thing - according to the
Department of Defense (USA), or CIA (Field
Operations).

    Vietnam-era soldiers tried to escape from all
the killings into a readily available world of drugs
and alcohol. But it appears that only US soldiers
had that problem, because nothing like that ever
happened to a Viet Cong soldier. May be they were
just too barbaric compared to us - Westerners?!

    So, the conclusion is that any person or nation
which is barbaric enough can easily kill other
people and live with that knowledge?

    Possibly, but as usual we look somewhere else
for the answers which can easily be found around us.
American Indians had no difficulty in killing each
other, and later any Westerner. They also had no
problems with living afterwards, and neither did
they escape into phantasy worlds.

    To them, killing was a way of life. No, that is
only part of the answer. Indians considered taking
life, as something extraordinary. According to their
beliefs (generalized) to take a life, one must be
worthy of it.

    Anyone can kill anyone. What is hard is living
and working with that knowledge. Besides exhaustive
mental preparations before the killing, one should
ask whether he is worthy of taking another human
life.

    If you are trying, or wishing to kill someone,
make sure your reasons are valid, your soul is
prepared, and your mind is ready. Don't do it with
mind clouded on drugs. Do it with your mind crystal
clear, because you are worthy of another person's
life. Because if you succeed - it means that the
other wasn't strong enough to hold on to his life
and thus you helped him to escape it.




                             January 27th, 1995


 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³  Violent Perfection                 ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
 ³  WHQ  :  Psychotic Reflections BBS  ³
 ³  Sysop:  Kamui                      ³
 ³  #####:  718-981-6387               ³
 ³  H/P/C/A/V/T                        ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³ If you want to contact us, or have any interesting ³
 ³ information/essays/articles/etc. to share with the ³
 ³ rest of the Planet - than call our WHQ at a number ³
 ³ given above.                                       ³
 ³       Log-On as "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       Password  "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       4-Digits  "1111"                             ³
 ³       Birthday  "11-11-11"                         ³
 ³  (BTW.. remember not to use the quotation marks.)  ³
 ³                                                    ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ViPer009.