01-24-95
ViPer007.








   ßÜ    ßÜ    ßÜ     ÜßÛßßÜ     ÜßÛßßßß    ßÛßßÜ
    Û     Û     Û       Û   Û      Û         Û   Û
    Û     Û     Û      ÜÛÜÜß     ÜßÛßß      ßÛßÛß
     Û   Û      Û       Û          Û         Û  ßÜ
     Û   Û       ß      Û         ß ßßßß    ß    ß     ş
      ßÜß              Üß
                                VIOLENT PERFECTION

     (A good idea circulated and discussed is worth
      a million brilliant ones buried in the archives.)





Disclaimer:  The author takes no responsibility what so
     ever for any damages resultant from reading,
     carrying, and/or applying this essay. The text is
     nothing more than a work of fiction trying to
     explain the strategies and tactics involved in
     planning and executing successful terrorist acts.




         INCENDIARY and EXPLOSIVE DEVICES (viper007.)
                    [Supplement to Terrorism files]


by DAIMYO


    There are numerous articles circulating in
Cyberspace, and even more printed books and publications
describing ways to make good, professional-grade
explosives manually. There also many books that tell
their readers how to buy real explosives and incendiary
devices.

    There are also many reasons why you should not try
to do any of them. Unless of course you are an
accomplished chemist. However, most of us aren't. And
most of those who try to manufacture RDX, Nitroglycerin,
or some other highly unstable chemical will fail.

    We at ViPer advise you against going to any great
lengths to create a super-duper explosive, one pound of
which will be enough to blow up half of Manhattan
island. Don't do it.

    First of all, the FBI, Police, and InterPol have
great data bases where all known chemists (capable of
making a high-grade explosive) are listed.  All of them
have their own signatures, which are easily
identifiable. Worst, if you are a first timer, it would
take a determined law-enforcement agency only a few
hours (24 at most) to know that you are a first timer.

    The second reason, against making your own
explosives is an obvious one - sooner or later you will
kill yourself (actually the statistics show that it will
rather be sooner then later, 95 percent of beginner-
pyrotechnicians get hurt on their 3rd or 4th attempt to
prepare something juicy.

    A regular terrorist should use what is available,
or always at hand and will not give any agency a lead on
his/hers/their identity.

    An explosion doesn't have to occur to be believed.
If it's shown on TV or talked about on Radio - than, for
most people at least, it is true. But, yes, a graphic
footage gets great ratings for both a TV station and
those who plotted the bomb.

    In a modern city, with its tall buildings and
skyscrapers, an explosion will not be seen by anyone
standing just a few blocks away, neither will it be
heard. However, if there is a large fire, with lots of
black smoke - than, chances are, it will be seen for
miles away.

    CONCLUSION: an explosive device doesn't have to be
very strong, but it does have to leave a lot of
impressions. If those impressions are seen by many
people (real-time, with their own eyes) than an effect
will be great (coupled with some Television footage - it
will be fantastic).

    Go to a store that sells party supplies (most of
them also sell firecrackers), buy a hundred pounds of
firecrackers (the ones that send up colored rockets work
best); although, I suggest you by a few pounds at a time
or visit a couple of stores. Firecrackers made by Asian
companies are the best, because most of them use
undiluted explosive chemicals. (Usually 5 big Asian
firecrackers equal approximately 1.5 to 2.5 sticks of
dynamite).

    Now you have to unwrap all those firecrackers, and
get the explosives out. Don't use anything metallic
(wooden, or glass instruments are the best). Do not keep
too much powder close to a place you work at. Move
everything to specially prepared containers each time
you have a handful of material.

    Mix everything together, do not discard any phosphor
or other chemicals (the only things you should throw
away are papers).

    After cleaning 100 pounds of firecrackers, you
should have at the very least 50 pounds of chemicals
(that is assuming you are a totally disoriented and
unbalanced person). That is approximately equal to 15 to
35 sticks of dynamite (depending on the quality of those
firecrackers). That is also enough dynamite to blow up a
small 2-bedroom private house into the next dimension.

    If placed in a 5th floor apartment of a middle-sized
building (9 to 12 levels), and forced to explode (using
all material). It would destroy apartments 2 floors down
and, at the very least, 1 floor up. Plus, depending on
the quality of the material, would blow side walls and
whatever is next to them.

    If you place a 5 gallon drum of ammonia and 3-4
kilos of bleach next to the explosive device, the fumes
created when the two combine will create an even bigger
panic, than with the explosive by itself, and kill
whoever is breathing it long enough (usually around 12-
15 minutes will kill a well trained human).

    If that apartment's windows are facing a busy
street, than activating such a device during rush hour
will also terminate up to 75 percent populating the area
of 100 square feet.

    For a greater destruction, you can put a few paper
cartons of debris (nails, pieces of glass, stones,
metal, etc.) on the window stoop.

    If the reporters are notified before the destruction
begins, thereby arriving within minutes after the
explosion, great footage of smoke, toxic vapors and
flying glass can be captured. Producing an awesome
effect on the citizens.

    The above, is but an example of a small explosive
device priced under 300 dollars. However, anything that
burns, explodes or poisons can be used. Providing its
cheap, stable, uncomplicated in use, and is availabe 
anywhere.

    Although, such acts would have to be repeated four
to five times within a period of 1-2 months before any
real changed can be observed.

	

                                    January 24th, 1995




***********
Disclaimer:  Any actions described above are illegal,
         and if used will get you a long vacation in a
         maximum security installation. The essay above
         is a theoretical work of fiction, protected
         under the first amendment.


 
 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³  Violent Perfection                 ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
 ³  WHQ  :  Psychotic Reflections BBS  ³
 ³  Sysop:  Kamui                      ³
 ³  #####:  718-981-6387               ³
 ³  H/P/C/A/V/T                        ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³ If you want to contact us, or have any interesting ³
 ³ information/essays/articles/etc. to share with the ³
 ³ rest of the Planet - than call our WHQ at a number ³
 ³ given above.                                       ³
 ³       Log-On as "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       Password  "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       4-Digits  "1111"                             ³
 ³       Birthday  "11-11-11"                         ³
 ³  (BTW.. remember not to use the quotation marks.)  ³
 ³                                                    ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ViPer007.