01-14-95
viper001.







   ﬂ‹    ﬂ‹    ﬂ‹     ‹ﬂ€ﬂﬂ‹     ‹ﬂ€ﬂﬂﬂﬂ    ﬂ€ﬂﬂ‹
    €     €     €       €   €      €         €   €
    €     €     €      ‹€‹‹ﬂ     ‹ﬂ€ﬂﬂ      ﬂ€ﬂ€ﬂ
     €   €      €       €          €         €  ﬂ‹
     €   €       ﬂ      €         ﬂ ﬂﬂﬂﬂ    ﬂ    ﬂ    ˛
      ﬂ‹ﬂ              ‹ﬂ

    (A Group which is doing this and that,
                  while trying to find itself...)



    "It was almost two years since the fall of ViPer.
    Violent Perfection was a dream given form.  Its
    goal: to educate the people about the oncoming wars,
    by creating a forum where Dreamers and Users could
    work out their differences peacefully.  It's a port
    of call, home in every home, for anarchists, users,
    hackers, crackers and network phreaks.  Humans and
    software, wrapped in networks and billions of
    spinning electrons...  all alone in front of
    monitors.  It can be a dangerous place, but it's
    our last, best hope for escaping boredom.  This is
    the story of the second generation of ViPer.  The
    year is 1995.  The name of the forum is.........
    VIOLENT PERFECTION."


    But seriously, the group named ViPer lived only long
enough to release 5 files, and most of those weren't
very good. This is the second attempt for the group to
rise, from the ashes of its initial failure.

    The staff of ViPer has shrunk in size (no thanks to
the FBI) significantly.  BUT DO NOT DESPAIR!  We are
looking for new Writers. However, you shouldn't expect
too many files in the following 3-4 months.

    The reason for our original creation, is the same as
for this second generation. It is: to force people to
question life as it is, and as it should be. To foresee
future violent conflicts and political confrontations.
And most important, to show users that there is life
outside the computer...

    WE are neither against any particular governments,
nor any federal/state or local agancies. Our goal is to
teach others and learn ourselves.

    Dissemination of Information.



                             Staff of ViPer,

                             January 14th, 1995.

ViPer001.