01-15-95
viper003.







ÚÄÄÄÄ¿    ÚÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
À¿  ÚÙ    À¿  ÚÙ À¿ ÚÙ À¿  ÚÄÄÄ¿  ³ ³ ÚÄÄÄÙ ³ ÚÄÄ¿ ³
 À¿ À¿    ÚÙ ÚÙ   ³ ³   ³  ³   ³  ³ ³ ÀÄ¿   ³ ÀÄÄÙ ³
  À¿ À¿  ÚÙ ÚÙ    ³ ³   ³  ÀÄÄÄÙ  ³ ³ ÚÄÙ   ³ ÚÄ¿ ÚÙ
   À¿ À¿ÚÙ ÚÙ    ÚÙ À¿  ³  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ³ ÀÄÄÄ¿ ³ ³ ³ À¿
    À¿ ÀÙ ÚÙ     ÀÄÄÄÙ  ³  ³        ÀÄÄÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÙ ÀÄÄÙ
     À¿  ÚÙ            ÚÙ  À¿
      ÀÄÄÙ             ÀÄÄÄÄÙ
        VIOLENT PERFECTION


 "A good idea circulated and discussed is worth
   a million brilliant ones buried in the arcives."





Background:   The following text represents an
almost exact, word for word, translation of a
closing letter of BMA Project year-log.


 

     GENERAL REPORT ON THE PROJECT (VIPER003.)

      (BEHAVIORAL MODIFICATION ANALYSIS)

                EVALUATION


     It is well known that children (especially
between the ages of 9 and 12) represent a kind of
a sponge for information gathering and retention;
at which time they are the most susceptible to new
ideas and all kinds of trivial as well as useful
information.  During adolescence (ages 13 to 16)
their general and specific views evolve, influenced
by thoughts and opinions of their peer group (parents,
teachers, Television, music, etc.; but most important
impressions do come from peer groups).  However, a
person's views are not created during adolescence,
instead they are only shaped (or 'fine-tuned') at this
time.  The real influence comes from the knowledge
itself and the ways it was obtained.  Peer groups do
nothing more than shape those insights, and act as
catalysts in clearing the mind of a person (although
they can at times radically change a person's
perceptions).  And so the first line of formation of
personal perception transpires during ages 9 and 12.

     During this period of time children's independent
views begin to form due to different variables,
including the things they know, ways they were raised
by, role-models or any such other people and things
which have had an influence on them, and especially
the pressure of their peers.  Also, at this moment
children are under a great strain and can be directed
best (e.g., like a river carrying a piece of wood as
it flows, so can a child be affected or impelled to
follow within the footsteps of a "human modifier").

     Of course that is not easy.  Reluctance and
refusal of compliance with rules and commands are
also manifested at this age.  It is during this period
that a modification of child's behavior and identity
itself (using persuasion, gaming elements,
attention-getting and deep involvement methods) is
possible.

     After 5 to 10 years of such training, a child
(which is now grown) can be anyone and anything; the
only exceptions are some physical characteristics
(genetic defects or effects).  Ironically, the best
examples of such a "technology" are clearly seen only
in military and covert applications.

     Only very "regular" (e.g., middle level, not
     geniuses, not too strong, not too smart)
     children should be used in such modifications.
     Using children of a "lower level" will lead to
     nothing more than the creating of very strong
     and very dumb people with a short life-span (as
     they do not have the physical ability to balance
     strength, skill, and knowledge -their organs
     become damaged during a regular 10 year training,
     and can only last 5 to 7 years after the
     training is complete).

     If very smart children (prodigies, and geniuses)
     are used, their in-born abilities will eventually
     lead to madness (very few "factors" survived full
     training; all that did, died within 6 months after
     its completion).

     And so, it is only the regular (middle) kids that
     can give the best results.  Their very inability
     to completely understand the questions asked (a
     lack of in-born foresight) is their only
     protection.  By the time their intellect capacity
     is well developed, sufficient defensive mechanisms
     have already been built up and installed to allow
     85 percent of the "factors" to successfully survive
     full training.

     As only middle level children are used, and
their intellect capacity is enlarged by a too small
amount, even at the end of full training their
intelligence will hardly match the smartest of people
(however, it will be higher than that of untrained
regular people).

     Nevertheless, the overall amount of intellect in
fully trained "factors" is enormous.  But it is
manifested in a form which is unacceptable to most
of the regular world.

     The following are the examples of what can be
     taught in the process of full training, with a
     success rate of at least 85 percent (using known
     information gathered from successful "factors";
     and a representative sample of the abilities of
     the average people):

          Higher:

               reading speed,
               retention rate (only apparent over
                   extended periods of time),
               memorization rate,
               muscle response speed,
               overall physical and mental abilities.

          Function better under stress.  At extreme
               stress, "factors'" functioning rate
               approached 99.47 percent (revised Table
               of Functioning Rates [in percentage]
               was used).


#############
The project has reached specified success rate of 25
percent.  As of this letter, the first part of the
project is complete (authorization codes follow).



RECOMMENDATIONS:  a 2 year, in-depth financial and
strategical evaluation with a subsequent commencement
of the second generation of the project (authorized
use of young subjects remains a must).



			January 15th, 1995


ViPer003.