01-26-95
ViPer008.







         ÜÛÛÜ   ÜÛÛÜ ŞÛÛİ ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ
         ÛÛÛÛ   ÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛ  ÛÛÛß   ßÛÛÛ ÛÛÜÜÜÜ  ÛÛ   ÛÛ
         ÛÛÛÛ   ÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛ  ÛÛÛÜ   ÜÛÛÛ ÛÛßßßß  ÛÛÛÛÛÛ
         ßÛÛÛÜ ÜÛÛÛß ŞÛÛİ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛ  ßÛÛ
          ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß       ÛÛÛÛ
            ßÛÛÛß         ßÛÛß

                                   VIOLENT PERFECTION


          (A Group which is doing this and that,
                     while trying to find itself...)




Disclaimer:   Neither the writer, nor the group take
    any responsibility for any and all actions, violence,
    damage, injury, etc., etc..  Anything
    you do as a result of reading/carrying/having
    this file, should be done at your own discretion.





          STRATEGY AND CYBERSPACE      Part I  (viper008.)
      (Strategic and Tactical Applications for Greater
                CyberSpace Utilization.)



by DAIMYO



    This file will not tell you how to abuse Bulletin
Boards, open backdoors and infect Private Systems. Instead,
it will show you how the oldest concepts of Military
Strategy and Tactics are helpful in getting better access
to a system you currently on, or to the most exclusive of
private systems. Of course you can also exact revenge on a
particular user or Sysop using the very same methods.

    Humanity has been at war with itself for as long as it
existed. Most plagues, epidemics, and all other kinds of
evil befell as a direct result of wars... Also, a lot of
our modern everyday activities can be attributed to
warfare. In some manner, shape or form, most of the things
we do and like today, have evolved from War (including:
Sports, Business, Games, Politics, Entertainment, and even
CyberSpace...).

    Everyone, with almost no exceptions, uses strategy and
tactics in his/hers/their everyday life. To clarify things,
we will defines these terms:

         Strategy - simply, a plan of actions on a wide
         scale. It can be an arrangement for a day, a
         general decision to enroll in a school before
         seeking employment, or an outline of an essay.

         Tactics - is a plan of actions on a small scale.
         Like which particular highway to use on a way to
         work, or which horse to bet on in a race.

Every day we plan our moves for the rest of that day. Where
to go on vacation, or how to spend free time.

    Like it or not, but most of the decisions you make and
actions you take can be attributed to warfare. The biggest
and best of business companies have evolved and stayed
alive due to strategy. We rediscover all the principals for
organization ourselves, unknowing that all of those
principals have already been used in warfare.

    Japanese businesses skyrocketed in size, affluence and
importance - due to the use of old strategy manuals. They
applied old War-related texts and history directly to the
world of business. Because of that, less mistakes were made
and thus Japanese businesses rarely failed.

    In the 60's, and early 70's - seeing Japan's business
life begin to bloom - German companies turned to their own
extensive manuals of war.

    All of the warfare strategies are essentially the same.
Be it a 2,000 year old Chinese text written by Sun Tzu, or
40 year old war manual by Zhukov.

    The oldest of principals work just as good as the
newest ones. In fact - they are the same (omitting all the
modern technology, the latest manual on tank warfare uses
the same strategies and tactics as the nomad cavalry).

    "Divide and Conquer!" - holds as much truth as it did
2,500 thousand years ago. It is still easier to defeat
multiple opponents one at a time (or one opponent piece by
piece) than to take on all of them at once.

    Unity gives power to the united. However, once a crack
of dissension has been introduced - most alliances will
topple under their own weight.

    Let us take the above-mentioned expression ("Divide and
Conquer") and apply it to CyberSpace:

    There are many groups (cracking, hacking, phreaking,
etc.) and nets in cyberspace. There are even more small-
time bulletin boards (less than 100 nodes). All groups
strive to fame and popularity - after which comes the
power. Unfortunately most small groups (especially
cracking groups) can not compete with the giants.

    The small groups don't have as many good programmers
and crackers, and even those that they do have can not be
used to their full potential due to the lack of programs to
crack. Small groups just aren't connected to software
companies and software stores as well as the giants.

    However, using that old and trite expression above, any
well organized small group (meaning small, but consisting
mostly of friends who are willing to stick out the worst
and will not fall under slight pressure, and also well
verse in programming languages) can expand its numbers, its
fame, popularity and power using one (or more) giant group
as an accelerant.

    But, for that to succeed, a big number (preferably
most) members of that larger group must wish to leave their
"harmony" for some reason or another. That is where they
can be stolen, bought, begged, or forced into working with
a small group that will offer them a better atmosphere.

    For a big and well known group to break, a certain
extent of pressure must exist. Such a pressure can be
evident during a power play (struggle for leadership),
arguments among members (which usually turn personal -
most programmers have a short fuse), or an outside threat.

    Given one (or better yet all) of those circumstances -
any group, no matter how big or friendly it is (unless of
course its members work for a law enforcement agency) will
crack. The biggest hassle for a small group would be in
sticking around and finding good enough inducements for
members of ex-RAZOR or ex-TDT into joining that small
group.



                                     January 26th, 1995


 
 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³  Violent Perfection                 ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
 ³  WHQ  :  Psychotic Reflections BBS  ³
 ³  Sysop:  Kamui                      ³
 ³  #####:  718-981-6387               ³
 ³  H/P/C/A/V/T                        ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³ If you want to contact us, or have any interesting ³
 ³ information/essays/articles/etc. to share with the ³
 ³ rest of the Planet - than call our WHQ at a number ³
 ³ given above.                                       ³
 ³       Log-On as "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       Password  "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       4-Digits  "1111"                             ³
 ³       Birthday  "11-11-11"                         ³
 ³  (BTW.. remember not to use the quotation marks.)  ³
 ³                                                    ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ViPer008.