01-14-95
viper002.





      мллм   мллм оллн мллллллллм  млллллл ллллллм
      лллл   лллл  лл  лллп   пллл ллмммм  лл   лл
      лллл   лллл  лл  лллм   мллл ллпппп  лллллл
      плллм млллп оллн лллллллллп  плллллл лл  плл
       плллллллп       лллл
         плллп         пллп

                                VIOLENT PERFECTION

       (A Group which is doing this and that,
                  while trying to find itself...)
 


	Disclaimer:	The following text is written
   	      with the help of a few books, magazines
	      and lots of imagination.	




by DAIMYO



          DEMOCRACY AT GUNPOINT   (ViPer002.)




     After the end of World War II, most of this
planet found itself in the role of an unwilling
accomplice to the new war, which later came to be
known as "Cold War."

     In the late 80's, the Cold War was over. And the
looser of this war, which was Soviet Union, really did
loose. Within the next few years, the empire lost much
in the way of land, resources, jobs, economy, etc.

     At the same time, the winner found itself in the
process of loosing political, economical and military
power. As the Soviet Block broke into pieces, most
communist regimes found themselves loosing control;
while the opposition began taking over (without the
support of United States).

     Within months, there was another explosion,
a new wave of modern technologies, as well as crime
and prejudice in the United States.

     At the same time, we found ourselves playing
the role of a peace officer to the whole planet.
Middle East, Somalia, Serbia, Middle East again,
Haiti. It is as though our leaders find us new wars
to fight as old ones get less and less popular.

     Some of US citizens just love that. Others?
Well, others wonder about the reasons for our
involvement in all those places.

     Lets look at those reasons!

     Centralized and strong governments arise
because of the perception of unmet needs.  They
maintain power because they generate new perceptions
of needs which are unmet or by fueling the
impressions which lead to war, or both.

     Take away the perception of unmet needs, and
strong governments find it increasingly difficult
to maintain power without becoming even more
tyrannical.

     So, is that what we are witnessing? As the
threat of communist aggression dies, the government
is trying to find other enemies? Shifting its sights
to "alternative choices" on a long list of enemies?
After all, the "War on Middle-Eastern Terrorism" has
been going on for many years, but only now we are
being given all the materials to look at. Ten years
ago, nobody cared if a terrorist exploded a bomb on
a street of some European city - now, it is Front
Page material.

     Any power which merely opposes its own
destruction or the loss of its territory almost
never wins the ensuing conflict unless it defines
its objectives beyond survival or the perpetuation
of the status quo.

     And so, the United States government is just
trying to survive. That is why most of the space
research is being slowly shut down. New laws
prohibiting different kinds of fire arms are being
passed. And the government is attempting to take
control of all kinds of communication networks
in the country.

     There isn't that much money to be saved in
shutting down NASA. But it effectively strips the
economy of the need for high-tech, rocket and
missile job opportunities. We are still being
allowed to dream (through Science Fiction, computer
networks, etc.), but we no longer have the means and
opportunities of making those dreams into realities.

     As the government takes more control of the
communications industry, it will slowly and carefully
start to monitor (at first), and later determine what
we think and do.

     As the laws on "bearing fire arms" get increase
in severity. We will loose the ability to protect
ourselves. And consequently, the ability to stand up
to our own government.

     We are being stripped of our rights as the
government gets more and more protective, trying to
remain in power.

     P.S.  The picture drawn above is a dark one, but
           it also is factual. True, those dusky clouds
           of governmental tyranny are not yet evident,
           but they are there, just over the horizon.
           And unless things change, by the year 2015
           most of us will have no dreams, no voice
           and no power.


			  January 14th, 1995.



ViPer002.