01-24-95
ViPer006.







   ßÜ    ßÜ    ßÜ     ÜßÛßßÜ     ÜßÛßßßß    ßÛßßÜ
    Û     Û     Û       Û   Û      Û         Û   Û
    Û     Û     Û      ÜÛÜÜß     ÜßÛßß      ßÛßÛß
     Û   Û      Û       Û          Û         Û  ßÜ
     Û   Û       ß      Û         ß ßßßß    ß    ß     ş
      ßÜß              Üß

    (A good idea circulated and discussed is worth
      a million brillian ones buried in the archives.)




Disclaimer:  The author takes no responsibility what so
     ever for any damages resultant from reading,
     carrying, and/or applying this essay. The text is
     nothing more than a work of fiction trying to
     explain the strategies and tactics involved in
     planning and executing successful terrorist acts.




         TERRORISM - THEORY and PRACTICE    Part II
                                        (ViPer006.)



by DAIMYO


    A goal of a regular terrorist is to bring about
change (political, social, etc.).

    Unless you are a total psychopath, your main goal is
to show people the righteousness of your actions - it is
not to kill people.  However, usually it takes a lot of
deaths to bring that change any closer.  And that is
where most terrorists make their biggest mistake.

    Thinking that bigger is better, they use explosive
devices that kill dozens and sometimes hundreds of
people at a time. And when no change is evident
afterwards they blame governments and each other.

    An interesting quote comes into my mind to describe
the reasons for those failings. Some may think it a
cruel one. Nonetheless, I think its very appropriate.

    ".... death of a few is a tragedy, death of
    thousands - is merely statistics..."

I may have cited it wrong; however, the main point
doesn't change.

    Whenever a jumbo-jet is bombed and hundreds of
people die, what happens? Nothing. To the families of
the victims it becomes a personal tragedy, to us it has
absolutely no meaning. Although some of us do try to use
a different airline when traveling, we still continue to
fly. Financial statements of 10 biggest World-wide
airlines show that right after a terrorist attack, the
companies' earnings do not change one bit.

    Still, some terrorists are on the right track. It is
the quantity, not the quality of terrorist acts that is
important.

    A series of small, but consistent bombings will
bring about change much faster than one or two big ones.
I suppose most terrorists look at an example made by USA
in 1946, when formulating their future plans. They think
that if United States could drop two nuclear devices on
top of two cities and force Japan into surrender - than
so can they (providing that explosions and death tolls
are high enough). However, they forget that at that
moment in time, Japan was doomed. Loosing its
territories in East and South-East Asia, Japan was
looking for a reason to surrender gracefully (Japanese
generals were loyal, but not stupid enough to think they
would win).

    The best example of small, but constant acts can be
found in the history of IRA (Northern Ireland). And even
their, having most of the population on their side, the
leadership of IRA lost its nerve. The attacks were not
consistent enough. The result - a partial victory after
long decades of fighting.

    Perhaps all those failings are due to the
inconsistency of all terrorist groups. All of them
either go into complete fanatism and psychotic behavior,
or loose their nerve and ease off on the violent
actions. None of them have been able to follow that
"golden middle" where politics and violence meet and
create complete victories.

    Some might argue this point, using the recent
example of utter fanatism and psychotic behavior win (in
the case of Israel and Palestine). Well, possibly;
however, at this time we just can't be sure of what is
to follow. But there are two directions.

    One, after all the violence that is happening in
Israel today, all talks of peace will be closed, and
everything will go back to the way it was a year ago.

    Another, if the Arab self-government does proceed.
Within a few months they will start killing each other.
Some of that can be seen already (with Arafat on one
side and fundamentalists on the other).

    A good example can be brought in at this time. Look
at Afghanistan. After the Soviet forces left. All those
"Proud Rebels, Fighting to Liberate their Country from
those damn commies," turned on each other and started
killing their "faithful brothers-in-arms."

    A peaceful middle-eastern Muslim, is a very thin
possibility. And not because of their lack of
understanding. But since birth, most Muslims have been
taught that Israel is the primary enemy. That the only
way to peace is through Jihad and complete conversion of
the whole planet to "the only true faith."

    Unlike most other religions, their's does not allow
any deviations. Small weaknesses can be allowed (praying
once instead of five times a day, going to a Musk once a
week instead of every day). Those failings can be lived
with. But when it comes to tolerance of other religions,
than there can be no weakness.

    Although, I suppose it all depends on those who
teach that religion...

    But, back to our world of Theory. The above-
mentioned example is also bad in other ways. The state
of Israel was continually pressured into a peaceful
solution by the United States and most European
governments.

    We live in an imperfect world, where perfect
theoretical solutions are useless. But, if you think
your ideas and beliefs are worth killing for, we at
ViPer give you our "Good Luck!" (unofficial of course).
To die for your beliefs is the greatest of deaths!



 		        	January 24th, 1995



**********
If you have any suggestions, solutions
or just have something to say about the
above article - we can be contacted at
our WHQ BBS. Your ideas will probably
be printed, providing they are not
obscene and to the point.

 
 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³  Violent Perfection                 ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
 ³  WHQ  :  Psychotic Reflections BBS  ³
 ³  Sysop:  Kamui                      ³
 ³  #####:  718-981-6387               ³
 ³  H/P/C/A/V/T                        ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³ If you want to contact us, or have any interesting ³
 ³ information/essays/articles/etc. to share with the ³
 ³ rest of the Planet - than call our WHQ at a number ³
 ³ given above.                                       ³
 ³       Log-On as "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       Password  "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       4-Digits  "1111"                             ³
 ³       Birthday  "11-11-11"                         ³
 ³  (BTW.. remember not to use the quotation marks.)  ³
 ³                                                    ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ViPer006.