01-27-95
ViPer010.








   ßÜ    ßÜ    ßÜ     ÜßÛßßÜ     ÜßÛßßßß    ßÛßßÜ
    Û     Û     Û       Û   Û      Û         Û   Û
    Û     Û     Û      ÜÛÜÜß     ÜßÛßß      ßÛßÛß
     Û   Û      Û       Û          Û         Û  ßÜ
     Û   Û       ß      Û         ß ßßßß    ß    ß     ş
      ßÜß              Üß

    (A Group doing this and that,
                   while trying to find itself...)




 
Disclaimer:    Neither the group nor the writer of
          this article can be held responsible for
          any harm coming after the reading or
          applying this file.






     THE GUIDE OF A PROFESSIONAL MERCENARY
                                   (viper010.)


by DAIMYO


     Some of us want to be doctors, lawyers,
programmers, or millionaires - still others wish
for something else. A profession with a little more
excitement, where the gamble is higher than usual.
Where it is all or nothing, where Va-bank is the
everyday life. Yes folks, there are people out
there who want to be professional mercenaries.

     The profession of a soldier of fortune is
fairly unknown. Very little has been written about
it, or rather very little of real-life substance.
However, I can easily tell you some statistical
numbers - for they usually are the only truth.

     A yearly income of a Soldier of Fortune varies
from month to month. It is better looked at as
annual monthly income. Which is, depending on the
training of a soldier, time of year, position on
the hierarchial ladder, specific place on the
planet, and the need for such purely professional
soldiers - ranges from 400 to 40,000 US dollars.

     The latest reports from the Balkans, show that
a new mercenary recruit gets paid as low as 200
dollars a month (that is the price for the greenest
of green, those mercenaries who can barely shoot
straight).

     Another latest report this time from Chechnya,
shows an average daily income of up to 1 thousand
US dollars (that's for a day's work).

     But to get that much money each day, one would
have to be a professional. A question arises right
there, "How can an ordinary man become a
professional mercenary?"  Well, its not easy and
some spending has to be done before anything
happens.

     Usually, it is better to learn on the job.
That way, you get paid, you get free education, and
experience. The only places that can give you such
a combination are unfortunately located primarily
in Europe.

     In the Balkans, a rookie can still receive
good basic training in strategy, combined arms, and
basic combat techniques. It is also very cheap,
because they pay you. And not too life-threatening,
because most soldiers out there are amateurs, and
most mercenaries are just as green as you are.

     Now to learn some heavy urban, street-combat,
ambushing and sniping techniques one should go to
Chechnya. The war there is far from over, although
I doubt you'll be able to learn any urban warfare
by the time you get there. Although, guerilla
actions, and long range sniping missions will do
wonders to your professionalism.

     The pay is good (at least 400 US dollars a
week). There are also many professionals, from
Iranian mercenaries to Estonian and Ukrainian
militants. So you will get good lessons.

     However, one drawback is evident. The newly-
arrived Russian Federation Marine Brigade will be
leaving soon, but more units from Russian Ministry
of Internal Affairs will be coming. And, I do not
know about you, but I'd rather take on two Marines
than on one Spetsnaz. But of course that's just me.

     You can reach Chechen militants in Istanbul
(Turkey), Tehran, and if you are fast enough, right
here in the United States (I hear a foreign
minister of Chechen republic is around).

     Other than those two areas, you can try your
luck in South America, Central Africa, Middle East,
and South-East Asia. However, I would advise on
getting experience first in some small-time local
war, before going to work for big guns.

     BTW, did I forget to mention that CIA (USA),
United States Army Intelligence, and a few dozen
other intelligence Agencies and groups constantly
higher well-trained mercenaries for small (and not
so small), high paying jobs!

     In this profession, the Sky is the Limit to
your personal growth. In the worst case, you will
end up working for some European or middle-eastern
terrorist group (in the education department), and
will be making a good living in your old years.




				January 27th, 1995
 

 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³  Violent Perfection                 ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
 ³  WHQ  :  Psychotic Reflections BBS  ³
 ³  Sysop:  Kamui                      ³
 ³  #####:  718-981-6387               ³
 ³  H/P/C/A/V/T                        ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³ If you want to contact us, or have any interesting ³
 ³ information/essays/articles/etc. to share with the ³
 ³ rest of the Planet - than call our WHQ at a number ³
 ³ given above.                                       ³
 ³       Log-On as "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       Password  "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       4-Digits  "1111"                             ³
 ³       Birthday  "11-11-11"                         ³
 ³  (BTW.. remember not to use the quotation marks.)  ³
 ³                                                    ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ViPer010.