02-13-95
ViPer013.




ÚÄÄÄÄ¿    ÚÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
À¿  ÚÙ    À¿  ÚÙ À¿ ÚÙ À¿  ÚÄÄÄ¿  ³ ³ ÚÄÄÄÙ ³ ÚÄÄ¿ ³
 À¿ À¿    ÚÙ ÚÙ   ³ ³   ³  ³   ³  ³ ³ ÀÄ¿   ³ ÀÄÄÙ ³
  À¿ À¿  ÚÙ ÚÙ    ³ ³   ³  ÀÄÄÄÙ  ³ ³ ÚÄÙ   ³ ÚÄ¿ ÚÙ
   À¿ À¿ÚÙ ÚÙ    ÚÙ À¿  ³  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ³ ÀÄÄÄ¿ ³ ³ ³ À¿
    À¿ ÀÙ ÚÙ     ÀÄÄÄÙ  ³  ³        ÀÄÄÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÙ ÀÄÄÙ
     À¿  ÚÙ            ÚÙ  À¿
      ÀÄÄÙ             ÀÄÄÄÄÙ
        VIOLENT PERFECTION


 "A good idea circulated and discussed is worth
   a million brilliant ones buried in the archives."




 
Disclaimer:   Neither the group nor the author of this
paper can be held accountable for any misunderstandings,
misinformation, misdirection or any other ill things which
have come about as a result of reading, having, modifying,
or carrying this file.




         SPECIAL FORCES - SPETSNAZ Part III
                                   (viper013.)


by HS Stuttman, INC.
edited by Staff of ViPer


     Naval Spetsnaz consist mostly of combat swimmers,
supported by mini-submarines and specialist parachute
troops. Based among Soviet naval infantry each brigade has
approximately 1,300 men (and an unknown number of women),
making the Soviet Navy's Spetsnaz by far the largest
amphibious special force in the world. Within the overall
Spetsnaz organization the naval brigades are far more
active than their army counterparts.

     Spetsnaz mini-subs and combat swimmers have
penetrated Swedish territorial waters both around the
islands and on the mainland, close to defense bases.

     Scuba diving in Soviet Union began in earnest in 1956.
As the sport became popular, special centers were
established to cater for greater numbers. During the time
spent with KOMSOMOL and DOSAAF, those who show promise are
encouraged to develop their diving skills. By the time they
are selected for Spetsnaz, they are considered to be master
athletes.

     At the Soviet naval infantry diving center, the
Spetsnaz diver/swimmers learn to use closed-circuit
underwater breathing apparatus on long-distance underwater
swimming and navigation exercises. Parachute training is
undertaken with descents into water, combined with the
techniques for operating from submerged submarines. Mini-
submarines have become a key element within Spetsnaz. They
carry swimmers close to the target area, allowing teams to
'lock out' and swim ashore to undertake reconnaissance,
strike political targets, attack military bases or pave the
way for a Soviet naval infantry landing.

     Each of the four Soviet fleets has a Spetsnaz brigade,
totalling some 5,200 men. Naval Spetsnaz can be taken
overseas by merchant or military shipping to make
reconnaissance of possible enemy ports, docks and harbors.
Naval Spetsnaz undergo the same military combat training as
their colleagues in the army brigades, and use their
amphibious training and equipment as a mode of transport,
offering greater flexibility than those on land.

     Spetsnaz soldier get higher pay, longer leaves and
quicker promotion than ordinary troops. When they complete
their two years' conscription they have three options. If
he has proved himself officer material by exemplary
service, a Spetsnaz soldier may be offered a place at the
officers' airborne school at Ryazan. An NCO or private
soldier who doesn't have the qualities to make an officer
can elect to become a regular soldier and make the Spetsnaz
a career. He may choose to leave, and will then be expected
to undertake five years' active reserve. Soldiers who stay
undertake further specialist courses including languages,
advanced explosives and signals, and may find themselves
assigned to an anti-VIP company.

     The Spetsnaz have been well blooded in Afghanistan.
From the numbers of them reported in action, it seems that
they have been rotated to ensure that most special forces
soldiers will have seen active service at some stage. It is
difficult to distinguish Spetsnaz from Airborne troops in
Afghanistan, but Mujahideen reports do identify Spetsnaz
from their numbers and from the fact that they operate by
local command decisions rather than by waiting for higher
authority to give orders.

     In a conventional war, Spetsnaz teams would be small
but, when a large or special target was singled out, a
number of teams would combine. In Afghanistan, operational
teams are about 50 strong and well armed. For instance, a
Spetsnaz group of about 50 was reported to have moved
through the mountains at night, guided by "loyalist" Afghan
militiamen who had lived in the area, to set up an ambush.
They established themselves in some disused buildings, in a
village reported to be giving aid to the Mujahideen. The
Afghan guerillas entered the deserted village to collect
food, and the ambush was sprung.

     The fire fight was devastating but short lived, the
Spetsnaz breaking off contact and withdrawing before
assistance could arrive. Three guerillas were killed and
three wounded.

     The Spetsnaz have not always had it all their own way.
When a team of 24 Spetsnaz soldiers was caught in an ambush
laid by the Mujahideen, the ensuing battle lasted all day.
Outnumbered, and fighting a determined enemy force, all 24
died. With so many of their elite forces lost, the Soviets
retaliated by bombing the closest village, which housed
only civilians.

     [Spetsnaz mountain training is critically important in
     Afghanistan, where the Special Forces may be called
     upon to fight some heavy rear guard actions as the
     Soviet forces withdraw. The British withdrawal from
     there in 1842 ended in the massacre of a whole army.]

     Spetsnaz have used helicopters to travel close to
contact areas, as the mountain terrain is accessible only
on foot. Hind helicopter gunships serve two purposes: they
can deposit teams in the mountains, then act as gunships
providing support. However, since the guerillas have
obtained Stinger anti-aircraft missiles, the Soviets are
loath to use helicopters at close quarters, having lost a
considerable number.

     In action, Spetsnaz have proved themselves to be hard
and well trained troops, and are the only ones that
Mujahideen have encountered who think for themselves. They
have also been known to kill their own wounded rather than
let them fall into the hands of the enemy. But this has
been a common practice among opponents of the Pathans for
many years - the fate of captured wounded was usually
beyond description.

     Spetsnaz were also in action on 24 December 1968, when
a Soviet transport aircraft contacted Czechoslovakia's
Prague airport with a request to make an emergency landing.
Permission was granted. At the airport, Spetsnaz and KGB
personnel dressed in civilian clothes were already waiting
as the aircraft drew to a halt. Well-equipped Spetsnaz
troops poured from it to join up with those on the ground.
The airport was secured, and the signal was given that
paved the way for a massive airlift of soviet troops and
equipment. While some Spetsnaz remained at the airport,
others commandeered transport and rove to the Soviet
Embassy, then on to the government offices to arrest Czech
leaders.

     A similar operation occurred in Kabul, capital of
Afghanistan, in 1979. Over a number of days, Spetsnaz
soldiers in civilian clothes arrived on regular Aeroflot
flights, and on 25 December two Antonov transport aircraft
landed at Kabul airport and disgorged Spetsnaz troops,
dressed in Afghan Army uniforms. They linked up with those
who have arrived over the previous days. Once the airport
was secure, they moved to the Palace of President
Hafizullah Amin, with direct orders: kill the President and
everyone in the Palace. With Amin dead, the Soviets' puppet
President, Babrak Karmal, was installed. The Spetsnaz re-
grouped to be given lists of senior military and political
figures who, if they showed any opposition, were to be
executed.

     In both Czechoslovakia and Afghanistan the first
Spetsnaz units on the ground were from the "anti-VIP"
companies, whose ruthless, systematic murder showed them to
be a formidable force. Follow-up units were from army
Spetsnaz, who took the war to the Mujahideen in the
mountains.

     Entry to the "anti-VIP" companies is for those
soldiers who decide to remain in the Spetsnaz after their
two years of conscription. They undergo additional
training, with languages a priority. These units can be
expected to make use of enemy uniforms and weapons and, in
many cases, especially in the preparatory phase before a
formal declaration of war, they will operate wearing
civilian clothes.

     It is in the "anti-VIP" units that women appear to
have found a position. They are reported to have been
active at Greenham Common, where they were gathering
information on the movement of cruise missiles and the
defenses of the base. In war, Spetsnaz would be required to
plant signal beacons or attack such targets.



                             February 13th, 1995.


 

 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³  Violent Perfection                 ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
 ³  WHQ  :  Psychotic Reflections BBS  ³
 ³  Sysop:  Kamui                      ³
 ³  #####:  718-981-6387               ³
 ³  H/P/C/A/V/T                        ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³ If you want to contact us, or have any interesting ³
 ³ information/essays/articles/etc. to share with the ³
 ³ rest of the Planet - than call our WHQ at a number ³
 ³ given above.                                       ³
 ³       Log-On as "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       Password  "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       4-Digits  "1111"                             ³
 ³       Birthday  "11-11-11"                         ³
 ³  (BTW.. remember not to use the quotation marks.)  ³
 ³                                                    ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
ViPer013.