02-10-95
ViPer011.





ÚÄÄÄÄ¿    ÚÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
À¿  ÚÙ    À¿  ÚÙ À¿ ÚÙ À¿  ÚÄÄÄ¿  ³ ³ ÚÄÄÄÙ ³ ÚÄÄ¿ ³
 À¿ À¿    ÚÙ ÚÙ   ³ ³   ³  ³   ³  ³ ³ ÀÄ¿   ³ ÀÄÄÙ ³
  À¿ À¿  ÚÙ ÚÙ    ³ ³   ³  ÀÄÄÄÙ  ³ ³ ÚÄÙ   ³ ÚÄ¿ ÚÙ
   À¿ À¿ÚÙ ÚÙ    ÚÙ À¿  ³  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ³ ÀÄÄÄ¿ ³ ³ ³ À¿
    À¿ ÀÙ ÚÙ     ÀÄÄÄÙ  ³  ³        ÀÄÄÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÙ ÀÄÄÙ
     À¿  ÚÙ            ÚÙ  À¿
      ÀÄÄÙ             ÀÄÄÄÄÙ
        VIOLENT PERFECTION


 "A good idea circulated and discussed is worth
   a million brilliant ones buried in the archives."



Disclaimer: Neither the group nor the author are
responsible for any harm, misinformation,
misdirection, or other such things befalling the
reader.



*******
The following is a small, lightly edited
text taken from "Combat and Survival"
magazine.



         SPECIAL FORCES - SPETSNAZ Part I  
                                   (viper011.)

by H.S. Stuttman, INC publishers.
Edited by: ViPer Staff


    Mobilized at short notice, to penetrate a
defense base, troops are parachuted at night into a
desolate region - such as Siberia - and are pursued
by motorized infantry over vast distances. But the
target is prepared for an attack and, during the
raid, it is not unknown for young conscripts to be
killed. The government of the Soviet Union is not
answerable for deaths in realistic exercises, even
in peacetime. The troops on exercise are members of
the Spetsnaz, the world's largest special forces
organization.

    Spetsnaz (Spetsalnogo Naznacheniya), the
Soviet's special purpose troops, come under the
direction of the GRU and consist of 16 Spetsnaz
brigades, four Spetsnaz companies and the Spetsnaz
regiments - the latter being available for senior
commanders to use as the situation demands. In
peacetime, Spetsnaz number some 30,000 men; in the
event of war or crisis those ranks can be expanded
to 150,000.

    All Spetsnaz soldiers are conscripts and
undertake a minimum of two years' military service,
with a further five years in active reserve. Those
selected will have been earmarked long before they
gather at the conscript collecting centers for their
compulsory military service. They will not be new to
military life. First, they will have been members of
the Young Pioneers (YP). This is roughly equivalent
to the Boy Scouts. Many of their activities involve
traditional field crafts such as hiking, swimming,
camping and map reading. Membership is open to all
boys and girls between nine and 14 years of age. The
end product is a politically prepared individual who
has basic military skills. The Young Pioneers are
linked to schools and are particularly active in
Soviet cities and towns.

    At 14, young people can join KOMSOMOL, which
trains both physical and mental capabilities in
military and political activities, to produce a good
communist. A year later the young person can elect
to join the DOSAAF, the Voluntary Society for Co-
operation with the Army, Navy and Air Force. This is
a para-military organization of some 15 million
members, run by former military personnel and
equipped by the Soviet armed forces.

    Compulsory school finishes at 16 in the USSR.
Those not destined for military careers take up
civilian jobs but can remain in the DOSAAF, where
they will receive further military training -
including shooting, parachuting, scuba diving and
outward bound training. This will help them when
they are called for their two years' military
service.

    When they are called up, those who excelled in
the DOSAAF are offered places at officer candidate
school. Those who don't meet the highest standards,
but who do want a military career, are taken into
armed forces as NCO candidates. Anyone going to
university must join DOSAAF and continue with
military training until they have finished their
studies, when they are required to undertake their
two years' of service.

    The conscript collecting centers take in
newcomers, twice a year - in the 'winter period' or
the 'summer period'. Your birthday dictates which
one you attend as you are liable for service
immediately after your 18th birthday. Women are not
subject to compulsory military service, but are
selected through the KOMSOMOL and DOSAAF if they are
interested in joining Armed Forces.

    At the center, the conscript is interviewed and
his documents scrutinized. Everything about a person
is recorded. How did he do at school? Does he have
any special abilities? Was he good at sports? The
all important KOMSOMOL and DOSAAF reports give
details of his fitness, military skills and
determination.

    At the top, the best are selected for the KGB,
airborne, missile, and intelligence units. A small
number are selected for a unit they have never heard
of - the Spetsnaz.

    The young man who leaves the collecting center
will be one of about a hundred others. They will
travel to a Spetsnaz fighting unit to join other
groups from other centers and begin a brutal
training course that lasts several weeks.

    The conscript will train for either Army or Navy
Spetsnaz. His training unit will be within, but
separate from, an airborne or naval infantry
regiment. His uniform will depend on the service his
Spetsnaz brigade is attached to. Army Spetsnaz wear
the pale blue beret and blue and white stripped T-
shirt of the airborne VDV, while Navy Spetsnaz wear
Soviet Naval Infantry uniform, a black beret and
blue and white stripped T-shirt.

    The training cadre is made up of officers,
warrant officers, sergeants and corporals, with some
private soldiers for administrative duties.
Conscripts are kept away from trained Spetsnaz
soldiers.

    For the conscripts there are no weekends, and
their day will begin at 0600 hrs with reveille,
followed by strenuous exercises and an inspection
before breakfast. Fit, strong, elite soldiers need
food, and they are well fed. Training then begins in
earnest, with the teaching and honing of military
skills, including assault courses where the Soviet
obsession with live firing will test the new
soldier's mettle. From the very beginning live
ammunition is used, and accidents, even fatal ones,
are considered acceptable.

    Physical training and unarmed combat are high on
the agenda. Political indoctrination is also
important, for these troops will be inserted deep
behind enemy lines to carry out their missions, so
reliability is paramount. The day may end at 2300
hrs, depending upon how well the group has
performed.

    In one test, conscript undertake a cross-country
run of 30 km, with full kit and weapon and wearing a
gas mask, all within a set time. If anyone weakens
and removes his mask, everyone has to return to the
start and begin again.

    Those who fail to pass Spetsnaz training are
sent to other units to complete their military
service, knowing nothing f the elite unit they
almost joined. At the end of the basic selection
training course about 20 recruits will be left from
the original hundred in each group. The conscript is
now a Spetsnaz soldier - but still with much to
learn. He is constantly scrutinized by officers and
senior NCOs.


         (to be continued)


                        February 10th, 1995.


 

 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³  Violent Perfection                 ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
 ³  WHQ  :  Psychotic Reflections BBS  ³
 ³  Sysop:  Kamui                      ³
 ³  #####:  718-981-6387               ³
 ³  H/P/C/A/V/T                        ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³ If you want to contact us, or have any interesting ³
 ³ information/essays/articles/etc. to share with the ³
 ³ rest of the Planet - than call our WHQ at a number ³
 ³ given above.                                       ³
 ³       Log-On as "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       Password  "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       4-Digits  "1111"                             ³
 ³       Birthday  "11-11-11"                         ³
 ³  (BTW.. remember not to use the quotation marks.)  ³
 ³                                                    ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
ViPer011. 