06-05-95
ViPer016.




ÚÄÄÄÄ¿    ÚÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
À¿  ÚÙ    À¿  ÚÙ À¿ ÚÙ À¿  ÚÄÄÄ¿  ³ ³ ÚÄÄÄÙ ³ ÚÄÄ¿ ³
 À¿ À¿    ÚÙ ÚÙ   ³ ³   ³  ³   ³  ³ ³ ÀÄ¿   ³ ÀÄÄÙ ³
  À¿ À¿  ÚÙ ÚÙ    ³ ³   ³  ÀÄÄÄÙ  ³ ³ ÚÄÙ   ³ ÚÄ¿ ÚÙ
   À¿ À¿ÚÙ ÚÙ    ÚÙ À¿  ³  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ³ ÀÄÄÄ¿ ³ ³ ³ À¿
    À¿ ÀÙ ÚÙ     ÀÄÄÄÙ  ³  ³        ÀÄÄÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÙ ÀÄÄÙ
     À¿  ÚÙ            ÚÙ  À¿
      ÀÄÄÙ             ÀÄÄÄÄÙ
        VIOLENT PERFECTION


 "A good idea circulated and discussed is worth
   a million brilliant ones buried in the archives."




Disclaimer:    The following essay is meant for theoretical
          application only, and should be taken as such.
          Neither the author nor the group are responsible
          for any use or misuse of this article.




     TERRORISM (DISCUSSION):  IRISH REPUBLICAN ARMY
                                 AND THE FUTURE
                                           (viper016).

BY Kom


     A few months ago we all heard of the new negotiations
between IRA and the British government concerning the end of
the terrorist activities on the part of the foremost, and the
concession of some or most demands on the part of the latter.

     Dozens of years went by as IRA fought for the freedom of
Ireland, hundreds of people were killed on both sides, and in
all this duration only now it seems that the Irish cause has
a chance of victory. Peaceful victory through political
negotiations. It looks as though all those people that died,
on both sides, died for nothing. Well, it is not up to me to
judge that question at this time...

     Now than, having a great support from their own people
the so-called Irish Army has never, ever been able to gain so
much in loosing so little. It is this point that I will
concentrate on in this essay.

     Although having "ARMY" in its name, the Irish
organization has never proved itself capable of playing a
role in that capacity. While having the ability to bring its
underground groups into the field and expand them to resemble
an army, Irish politicians never did so. Perhaps they thought
that such a small and hastily assembled army is doomed to
failure? Well, I am sure they were right, partially at least.

     No small army without the support of armor, air force,
and anti-air defense could have won against the British Army
regulars. Still, even if completely destroyed after only one
or two months of fighting, the Irish would have proven
themselves worthy of equal treatment in the eyes of the
British government; and would probably get a long time ago
the same concessions they are getting now.

     But behind the psychological, there are political as
well as financial reasons for such an action. Having a real
army to fight against, the British Army would have had to use
substantial forces to destroy this Irish Army. After doing
so, even more soldiers and equipment would have been needed
to pacify Northern Ireland.

     Curfew and documentation checkpoints would have been in
use all over Northern Ireland, as well as spontaneous ID
checks and heavy street patrols. It costs money to run the
Army, and in full "pacification" mode, that army costs even
more.

     Such actions would have united the Irish people -
showing them their own power and abilities, it would have
raised people's spirits and give way to a new wave of
guerilla warfare. For the British, these same actions
would have spelled disaster. Having been forced to spend
hundreds of millions of pounds to keep a part of a small
island peaceful - the British government would have been made
to look like a fool.  Having to actively pacify an entire
population, the British would have attracted a great deal of
the World's media and political attention.

     Economic sanctions would have followed the political
ones, and the British government would have been forced to give
total and real independence to Northern Ireland.

     Having been given the freedom peacefully, the Irish will
be very surprised. However, within a short period of time
most Irish will find that by not winning a real "military"
victory they have in fact lost. Elation will turn to
resentment, and instead of solidifying the people, it will be
their undoing.

     Within a generation independence sought so hard will
become a disaster.



                                   June 5th, 1995.



 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³  Violent Perfection                 ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
 ³  WHQ  :  Psychotic Reflections BBS  ³
 ³  Sysop:  Kamui                      ³
 ³  #####:  718-981-6387               ³
 ³  H/P/C/A/V/T                        ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³ If you want to contact us, or have any interesting ³
 ³ information/essays/articles/etc. to share with the ³
 ³ rest of the Planet - than call our WHQ at a number ³
 ³ given above (ANONYMITY provided, if so desired).   ³
 ³       Log-On as "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       Password  "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       4-Digits  "1111"                             ³
 ³       Birthday  "11-11-11"                         ³
 ³  (BTW.. remember not to use the quotation marks.)  ³
 ³                                                    ³
 ³  AND via InterNet at                               ³
 ³       <an278756@anon.penet.fi>                     ³
 ³                                                    ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ViPer016.


 