01-21-95
viper005.





   ﬂ‹    ﬂ‹    ﬂ‹     ‹ﬂ€ﬂﬂ‹     ‹ﬂ€ﬂﬂﬂﬂ    ﬂ€ﬂﬂ‹
    €     €     €       €   €      €         €   €
    €     €     €      ‹€‹‹ﬂ     ‹ﬂ€ﬂﬂ      ﬂ€ﬂ€ﬂ
     €   €      €       €          €         €  ﬂ‹
     €   €       ﬂ      €         ﬂ ﬂﬂﬂﬂ    ﬂ    ﬂ     ˛
      ﬂ‹ﬂ              ‹ﬂ

    (A Group doing this and that,
                   while trying to find itself...)




Disclaimer:  The author takes no responsibility what so
     ever for any damages resultant from reading,
     carrying, and/or applying this essay. The text is
     nothing more than a work of fiction trying to
     explain the strategies and tactics involved in
     planning and executing successful terrorist acts.




     TERRORISM - THEORY AND PRACTICE  Part I
                                         (ViPer005.)

by DAIMYO


     The definition of terrorism can be easily found in
the word itself. Terrorism is meant to derive terror
(fear and panic). It is designed to force people into
suspicion and outright hysteria.

     Many kinds of terrorism are practiced world-wide
today. Most of them can be separated into specific
groups, including: Psychological, Actual Violence, and
any combination of the first two.

     Psychological terrorism - involves purely
nonviolent actions, and may include blackmail, threats
(in the forms of letters, phone calls, or obscene
remarks). It is non-violent in that no actual physical
harm is being done.

     Violent terrorism - implies substantive acts of
physical violence, and can take form of assasinations,
bombings, kidnapping, and mugging.

     A Combinational terrorism - is just that, a
combination of the above two forms of terror, in order
to solicit an even greater dread than possible by the
use of any one method alone.

     The real weapon of terrorism is not a bomb, or a
threat. But it is the publicity, in the form of: Radio
and Television News Reports, Newspaper Articles, and
most important - Rumors.

     At times, a small firecracker, used in the right
place at the right time, will produce better and farther
reaching results than a large and very complex explosive
device. Again, it is the ability to disseminate
information - what makes a successful act of terror.

     An example can be derived from the most current use
of a large explosive device in a World Trade Tower
Bombing (NYC). The device itself was a pure joke. It was
very large (and also very inefficient for its size, but
that is another point at all).  But it is the
positioning of the device that led to the failure of the
mission.  During the explosion, the contraption disabled
much of the Tele-Communications equipment. The result
was the inability of most New York City Television and
Radio stations to transmit the aftereffects of the
explosion, thereby disseminating information about the
terrorist act and influencing an even greater fear in
people.

     In time, the cable and satellite dishes were
repaired, and the news about the act were finally spread
far and wide. However, by that time the disaster was
already well known; and television stations did nothing
more than produce a little hype to bust their ratings.

     The lack of information, is far worse than its
availability. Although, harder to endure - once new
information is given, the very process of delay and
following anticipation is quickly forgotten.

     On the other hand, current news footage showing
real-time (live) action, can bust people adrenaline
levels to the top - producing wide panic (that uses
itself to promote an even greater panic).

     Now, lets take another example - of a small radio
station (USA) transmitting a radio play (revised
version) of "The War of The Worlds." One station was
transmitting it, using a tactic of a live (on the scene)
news report.  And even though it was mentioned during
the play that it was nothing more than fiction; the
result was a wide spread panic and fear. People left
their homes, trying to run away from fictional martians.

     CONCLUSION: if you are trying to show the
righteousness of your views by terrorizing people, make
sure you did not destroy or disable any parts of a local
Television or Radio station. In fact, you should make
sure that as many as possible stations (capable of
operating real-time, live transmissions) are present and
covering the action.

     It should also be noted that the targeting of the
explosion is very important. As any decent strategist
will tell you, a great and successful attack - is the
one that is aimed at the very specific group of people.

     Consequently, an able terrorist should decide who
the target of an act is going to be. To answer this
query, one should question himself of the overall
consideration of the act. Meaning, ask yourself what you
want the end result to be.

     If its the release of your buddies from jail, or
some other high level political action (that no regular
citizen cares about) - than your target should be the
politicians, the very wealthy, and even entertainers.
Those are the people that can force a turn around in a
country's political agenda.

     However, if your goal is nothing more than to scare
a populace than the target should be the common citizen.
Even if your aim is high level politics, you can also
bring a change using the regular method of random
violence against regular people. However, the violence
will have to be done on a very wide and totally random
scale. Wide enough to force all the politicians to
listen to us regular folks, which is a task truly
unimaginable.

     CONCLUSION: choose your target carefully, and keep
in mind the end result that a successful action should
accomplish. Choose the correct group of people to
influence, and do not spread yourself and your abilities
too wide. It is better to concentrate all energies on
one task at a time.


	          	        January 21st, 1995



ViPer005.