01-16-95
viper004.





ÚÄÄÄÄ¿    ÚÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
À¿  ÚÙ    À¿  ÚÙ À¿ ÚÙ À¿  ÚÄÄÄ¿  ³ ³ ÚÄÄÄÙ ³ ÚÄÄ¿ ³
 À¿ À¿    ÚÙ ÚÙ   ³ ³   ³  ³   ³  ³ ³ ÀÄ¿   ³ ÀÄÄÙ ³
  À¿ À¿  ÚÙ ÚÙ    ³ ³   ³  ÀÄÄÄÙ  ³ ³ ÚÄÙ   ³ ÚÄ¿ ÚÙ
   À¿ À¿ÚÙ ÚÙ    ÚÙ À¿  ³  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ³ ÀÄÄÄ¿ ³ ³ ³ À¿
    À¿ ÀÙ ÚÙ     ÀÄÄÄÙ  ³  ³        ÀÄÄÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÙ ÀÄÄÙ
     À¿  ÚÙ            ÚÙ  À¿
      ÀÄÄÙ             ÀÄÄÄÄÙ
        VIOLENT PERFECTION


 "A good idea circulated and discussed is worth
   a million brilliant ones buried in the archives."

 


Disclaimer:   The ideas and essays presented in this
      article do not necessarily represent those of
      ViPer.  Concepts in this file are supplied in
      the belief that information is power, and
      should be freely disseminated by those who
      read it.  ViPer assumes no responsibility for
      any material printed below or harmful
      accidents resultant from your interpretation
      of such material.




by DAIMYO

       INTELLIGENCE GATHERING (Introduction)
                (ViPer004.)


    Information is Power! - No other expression can
be more suitable to the intelligence business.

    Intelligence work is not about spies with guns
and electronic gadgets; but it is about spies with
pens and pencils. Here, a pen IS mightier than a
sword. Every rumor, every bit of news heard and said
- has to be recorded and evaluated.

    No single agency relies on a small number of
highly trained, highly paid operatives that use guns
and gizmos to break into informational banks in
order to steal documents marked "Top Secret."
Instead, a large number of poorly trained, very low
paid agents (which are sometimes referred to as
"part-timers") is employed.

    Intelligence is about the best uses of funds
given - it is about money.

    Weapons in use by a regular intelligence agency
haven't changed in over two thousand years (since
the birth of Roman Empire). They include: BRIBERY,
BLACKMAIL, PHYSICAL INTIMIDATION, FIELD RESEARCH,
and ANALYSIS. Depending on a particular agency, the
exact allocation of labor varies significantly -
depending on the amount of funds available and the
inclinations of a particular leader in charge of
such an agency.

    BRIBERY - implies buy information or a specific
    action from a person and/or a group. It usually
    takes form of strict monetary exchange in return
    for political and/or military  action or
    classified information.

    BLACKMAIL - involves a collection of material on
    a particular person(s) and or group, which if
    made public would prove harmful to that person.
    Blackmail is nothing more than a form of
    intimidation. It uses a person's own emotions
    against themselves, by playing on fear (fear of
    punishment, loss of money, position, etc.). It
    is mental intimidation.

*******
    Statistically, bribery is the preferred choice
of weapon instead of blackmail. The latter usually
elicits a violent response towards the
blackmailer(s). It has also been substantiated in
practice that there is a limit to what people will
do when blackmailed.

    On the other hand, as long as a person
experiences the emotion of greed, any information
and/or action can be demanded for infinite number of
times. A response of the bribed is usually that of
gratitude and an offer of further assistance.

    PHYSICAL INTIMIDATION - takes form of well paid,
    well trained, well armed operatives who are the
    ones to using blackmail or bribery, and, in case
    of a leek or any other kind of disagreement
    (monetary, political, etc.) between an agency
    and its subjects, extinguish such a problem.
    (Typical glorified spy.  Example: "James Bond
    007").

    These agents use expansive toys, are highly
    trained and cost an agency millions. There are
    also very few of them.

    FIELD RESEARCH - is usually done by untrained
    trained, and very poorly paid individuals (who
    are, in most cases, natives of a country they
    are working against). They are referred to as
    "Part-Timers." Intelligence work for these
    agents is nothing more than a part-time job,
    with an income to supplement their real jobs.

    Very little is required of them, in terms of
    killing, bribing and blackmail. Their duty is to
    lead normal lives, work hard on their official
    jobs, have lots of friends, and subscribe local
    newspapers and magazines.

    Their duty also involves writing annual reports
    and filling out applications (usually bi-weekly,
    but could be of any time-intensity). These
    reports include the history of all incidents
    that happened since the filing of the last
    report.

    Such reports include: new jokes heard, any
    interesting information discussed with friends,
    attitudes and beliefs (of people with whom an
    agent has been in contact) on politics,
    countries, governments, military, etc., etc..

    ANALYSIS - is where all the collected
    information is analyzed, evaluated and stored
    for future reference.

*******
    Between 80-90% of all the data coming to
analysis department has been collected through field
research.

    95% of all important data (information which is
later classified "Secret" and "Top Secret") comes
from underpaid, filed research agents.

    In fact, armed, trained, full-time agents are
not even considered spies; instead they are called
"Operatives" or "Special Agents."  It is those poor,
bored, tired, report-writers who are true "Spies."


    Some ask, why would a tedious and boring
information, collected by untrained individuals be
of such importance?!

    Perhaps an example may be useful:

    .... hearing a friend (who works on a chip
production plant) complain about stressful working
conditions on the plant, due to a new big order of
chips for: "...some damned phone company!" - tells
an agent of a possible major overhaul of
communication lines by an unknown company.

    A careful question about packaging of completed
chips will help an agent deduce the location of that
company, and consequently its name.

    This major piece of news will be in agent's
hands at least 3 weeks before an official statement
from the phone company goes public.

    It will be taken as a major piece of news by an
analysis department. Orders would have to be issued,
special agents sent out; and the phone monitoring
equipment dismantled (before the company's working
crew finds it).

    Such information is considered "insider's trade"
on a stock market, it is also highly illegal. But it
is sometimes used to procure extra funds by an
intelligence agency.


    It costs too much money to bribe or blackmail a
high ranking executive of every company on the
planet. Which is the reason field research is used.

    It is possible to figure out the division of
labor within an agency by knowing (at least
approximately) its funding.


			January 16th, 1995.
 


ÒÄ¿  Ò  Â
ÇÄÁ¿ ÓÄÄ´
ĞÄÄÙ ÓÄÄÙ




      ÛÛÛİ    ß ß    ÛÛÛ    ßÛÜ      ÜÜ  ÛÛÛ                   ÛÛÛ  ÜÜ
      ÛÛÛİ  ÜÜÜÜ     ÛÛÛ      ßÛÜ     ßÛÜÛÛÛ                   ÛÛÛ   ßÛÜ
 ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛßßß      ÛÛÛ                ßÛÛÛÜ                  ÛÛÛ     ßÛÜ
     ŞÛÛİ            ÛÛÛ                 ÛÛÛßÛÜ                ÛÛÛ
     ŞÛÛİ   ÜÜÜÜÜ    ÛÛÛ               ßÜÛÛÛ  ßß          ŞÛÛ  ÛÛÛ
     ÛÛÛ    ßßßßß    ÛÛÛ                 ÛÛÛßÜ           ŞÛÛ ÛÛÛÛÛ
     ÛÛÛ             ŞÛÛİ     ÜÛÛ        ŞÛÛİ     ÜÛÛ    ÛÛİ  ŞÛÛİ
     ÛÛÛ  ÛÛÜ        ŞÛÛİ   ÜÛÛß         ŞÛÛİ   ÜÛÛß      ÛÛİ ÛÛÛÛÛÛ
     ÛÛÛ   ßÛÛÜÜÜ     ÛÛÛÜÜÛÛß            ÛÛÛÜÜÛÛß         ßÛÛÛİ  ÛÛÛÜÜ
     ßßß     ßßßß      ßßßßß               ßßßßß             ßß     ßßßß

ViPer004.