02-13-95
ViPer012.





         ÜÛÛÜ   ÜÛÛÜ ŞÛÛİ ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ
         ÛÛÛÛ   ÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛ  ÛÛÛß   ßÛÛÛ ÛÛÜÜÜÜ  ÛÛ   ÛÛ
         ÛÛÛÛ   ÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛ  ÛÛÛÜ   ÜÛÛÛ ÛÛßßßß  ÛÛÛÛÛÛ
         ßÛÛÛÜ ÜÛÛÛß ŞÛÛİ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛ  ßÛÛ
          ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß       ÛÛÛÛ
            ßÛÛÛß         ßÛÛß

                                   VIOLENT PERFECTION


          (A Group which is doing this and that,
                     while trying to find itself...)





Disclaimer:   Neither the group nor the author of this
paper can be held accountable for any misunderstandings,
misinformation, misdirection or any other ill things which
have come about as a result of reading, having, modifying,
or carrying this file.





         SPECIAL FORCES - SPETSNAZ Part II
                                   (viper012.)

by HS Stuttman, INC.
Edited by Staff of Viper.



    The very best are selected for officer training, at a
special Spetsnaz faculty at the higher airborne command
school at Ryazan. They begin four years of grueling
training, which will continuously test them. Those who do
not make the grade will be re-assigned to airborne VDV
units or the air assault troops.

    Those who complete the training are aware that they are
in an elite organization. [It is only among officers that
the word 'Spetsnaz' is used.] Leadership and loyalty are
the characteristics of these officers, who will lead
equally hardened men against well-defended targets within
NATO and further afield, with little or no support from
their own military command.

    Other recruits who have done well are sent to be
trained as sergeants. The six-month course is equally
demanding and many candidates will be sent back to heir
units as privates.

    Conscripts not selected for officer or NCO training,
join sections and platoons of operational Spetsnaz and,
like their colleagues destined for command, will continue
to learn the skills of special forces.

    The unofficial badge of the Spetsnaz is the 'wolf', for
the wolves hunt in packs and defeat  pray much larger than
themselves. Spetsnaz too operate in small groups, seeking
out the enemy, gathering intelligence and then, when
ordered to move, killing or destroying a much larger
target.

    The ability to do this comes from months of training
and exercises, where the men are pushed to their limits.
Parachute training will have covered the use of the RS-1
parachute, which has a reasonably slow decent that allows
it to be steered. Once skilled in basic parachuting, they
move on to advanced training with a military version of the
high-performance competition parachute, the UT15. This
requires a high level of competence and is used to deliver
troops in HALO (high altitude low opening) operations.

    Because Spetsnaz may need to operate anywhere in the
world and in any terrain or climate, they are regularly
parachuted into the northern USSR to survive and operate in
Arctic conditions, and into deserts and mountain regions
too.

    On the ground the Spetsnaz soldier is equipped with
either an AKS-74 rifle or an AKSU sub machine-gun. Snipers
carry the SVD sniper rifle. Every soldier carries the P6
pistol for close-quarter work. Grenades and additional
ammunition for machine-guns as well as SA-7 SAMs and RPG-7
or RPG-18 anti-tank missiles are issued as appropriate. A
knife and the non-folding spade are standard issue. The
latter doubles as a hand-to-hand combat weapon. Hours of
martial arts training teach the soldier to swing, slice,
stab, and parry with it, so that it becomes lethal in his
hands.

    Apart from the anti-aircraft and anti-tank missiles,
neither heavy weapons nor vehicles are used, unless the
group captures them from the enemy. Support may come from
aircraft in the form of ground strikes or helicopter
gunships or, for naval Spetsnaz, gunfire from warships.
Radios are carried to maintain contact with headquarters
and to intercept enemy radio nets. Signallers carry
portable direction finders to help locate enemy
transmissions. Those fluent in the language being listened
to may be able to identify a target suitable for attack.

    During an exercise in the far eastern military
district, the attacking force drew up a plan to attack both
the HQ and an important missile unit belonging to the 5th
Army. Spetsnaz troops were parachuted in to attack but the
defenders, aware of the possible use of special forces,
directed motorized infantry to find them. Some of the
Spetsnaz came up against a canny adversary. The commander
of a missile regiment ordered his vehicles to be positioned
around the perimeter, pointing outwards at an angle. The
trap was set. When, in dead of night, the Spetsnaz
attacked, all of the vehicles' lights were switched on at
the same time, leaving raiders illuminated and exposed in
open ground, unable to see their target. The defending
commander then ordered the guard dogs loose!


    Soldiers of the Spetsnaz are not accustomed to luxuries
such as central heating and the trappings of the good life
found in the West. It is generally accepted that the Soviet
soldier is more accustomed to hardship than his Western
counterpart, although that does not necessarily make him a
better soldier.

    Spetsnaz are trained from the beginning to live rough
and become animal-like. They carry no sleeping bags, and
have only a poncho for shelter. Each soldier begins
operations with a loaf of bread and tins of meat. No pre-
packed rations are issued. However, combat suits and boots
are the best available. Spare clothes, socks, mess tins,
spoon, wire saw, additional camouflaged jacket and a
survival kit are all stowed into the haversack.

    Ammunition, grenades and explosives are carried in
volume as re-supply behind the lines may not be possible,
and troops will have to use captured enemy weapons and
ammunition if the situation demands. Each man carries a
water bottle and sterilizing tablets, along with a knife,
spade and pistol. Once the soldiers have used their food,
they have to obtain it in their operational area, either
from Soviet/Spetsnaz agents or by living off the land.

    Survival training requires troops to be dropped in
remote areas with no food and the option only to survive or
die. Spetsnaz expect to operate behind enemy lines - for
example in West Germany or Scandinavia - wearing the
uniforms and carrying the weapons of the country. Army
Spetsnaz will undertake deep penetration of enemy lines,
attacking ammunition dumps, support bases, headquarters and
fuel stores. Disruption and intelligence gathering are
priorities.


         (to be continued)



                             February 13th, 1995.

 

 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³  Violent Perfection                 ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
 ³  WHQ  :  Psychotic Reflections BBS  ³
 ³  Sysop:  Kamui                      ³
 ³  #####:  718-981-6387               ³
 ³  H/P/C/A/V/T                        ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³ If you want to contact us, or have any interesting ³
 ³ information/essays/articles/etc. to share with the ³
 ³ rest of the Planet - than call our WHQ at a number ³
 ³ given above.                                       ³
 ³       Log-On as "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       Password  "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       4-Digits  "1111"                             ³
 ³       Birthday  "11-11-11"                         ³
 ³  (BTW.. remember not to use the quotation marks.)  ³
 ³                                                    ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ViPer012.