		   ...---***Cranberry Winters***---...
			     (hidden  faces)


			  Issue 5,  August 1996
			  ---------------------


- _From the mind of the editor_  (Ed. note:  I do have one...)
- _Sometimes..._, Jennifer Lee Styba
- _Dispersal_, a short story
- _Feeling_, Tom Roscoe
- _Monsters_, a short story
- _In My World_, a poem 


		      FROM THE MIND OF THE EDITOR
			    7 August,  1996


Yes, I know it seems shocking to find that I've really got a mind in this 
head-o'-mine, but it is true.  The surprise!  (I have temporarily lost my
hold on it - should you find it, I would love to have it back...)

Even more shocking - I can hear your gasps even now! - is that I have had
thoughts of turning Cranberry Winters into a "true" magazine.  I might be
searching for sponsors shortly, depending on what sort of response I get.

The last note on the issue of Cranberry Winters - I received poems from a
couple of tremendously talented poets and would love to hear from more of
you.    Have you got stories and poems you've been hiding away, modestly
telling yourself "it's really not so good"?   New submissions are always
welcome at brideb@efn.org - I hope to hear from you!
		Deborah Bryan, 17
		Cranberry Winters editor



			 _Sometimes..._
		       Jennifer Lee Styba
			    May 1996
	
Sometimes
   what he really wants
more than anything,
   is to awaken
in the early morning,
   to see her head
resting on the pillow,
   and then to kiss her
as she opens
 her blue eyes.
                  <author not known>
====================================
Sometimes
	what she really needs
		more than anything
is to wake up
	in the dead of night
from the neverending
nightmare
of being so close to love
	but not being able to touch it
		or hear it's beating heart
			or see it,
ever
and find that she 
is snuggled up in the warmth
of her true love's arms
safe
	secure
        	loved
and know it wasn't really
a childish dream 
	the visions of love lost
		in the misty morning haze
			in her awakening eyes



		   	  _Dispersal_
			 Deborah Bryan
			 8 July,  1996
		
Macey peered out the window in wait of sunrise.  It had been many weeks since
she had seen the light of sun and she ached to know that she would never be 
blessed by its brilliance again.
        Carefully Macey stepped out of her pants, her underwear, and placed
them on hre bed.  She closed her eyes and pulled her shirtr over her head,
images passing too quickly for her to understand through her head.
        The sky showed the first signs of light and Macey's heart swelled 
with joy. She stepped leisurely toward the door, climbing over piles of
clothing and miscellaneous items that Mark had sworn to needing that she
still couldn't bear to move.  The door was not fully closed - she must have
forgotten to close it after her walk - and she was out the door with minimal
effort, closing it tightly behind her.
        Macey's land stretched out in front of her, scarcely illuminated by 
the dull glow of the stars.  Her skin began to tingle and she could sense
that the change was near, the blissful, short-lived change that kept her
living.  She brought her hands to the sky in praise of a power that could be
so kind, so understanding.  She did not know who this was or what she should
call this power, but she loved it with all her heart.
        The sun suddenly peaked over the mountaintop and Macey felt every
atom in her body tearing away, every cell separating and spreading outward
over the miles and across the earth, her self forgotten.
        No memories of "so sorry" cards, no images of her husband and
daughter smashed against the Volvo's windshield plagued her as she was blown
wherever the wind would take her, no images  of untouched birthday
cakes in the backseat bearing unbearable messages forced her to her knees
in agony, in tears.  "Happy birthday, Mommy!  We love you!"
        Macey's prayers had been answered.  Though she would never again feel
the sun warming her skin, the chance to live while still feeling her family's 
presence all made it worthwhile.



			   Feeling...
			   Tom Roscoe
		
She feels
  sometimes hurts alone
all bottled inside
  like me
private hurts
  where do we put
such feelings
  people don't mind when you share joy
but from hurt...  turn away

things felt, feelings denied
 suddenly come crashing in
   like it was yesterday
what do we do with these feelings
   with whom do we share

A friend, perhaps a friend and love
   someone to care
hold me tight, hold her tight
   in the darkness
tears streak...
    no, can't cry...
  it must be raindrops
falling from my eyes...

To reach out, with a gentle kiss
 a soft touch, a firm warm hug
understanding soft low voice
  saying honey.... it will pass
wanting... needing...
    unconditional love...
to lightly kiss
   tears away...
hold me... hold her... 
 until the morning light fades into grey
  and the sunlight
lights the sky...
  and my love's eyes...



			   _Monsters_
			 Deborah  Bryan
			 16 June,  1996

        "Shh!  Mommy's coming!"  Th-thump, th-thump, th-thump.  Joey imagined
Jabba the Hut trying to climb the stairs and knew that Jabba would not make
near so much noise as his mother.  Jabba the Hut was his mother, sure.  He
giggled, imagining his mother on a chain, on display during Show-and-Tell.
"This's Jabba the Hut.  He pretends to be my mommy, because he threw the
real one to the dinosaurs when I was a baby."
        Joey's mother opened the door and invited herself into her son's
room.  The light from the hallway hurt his eyes and he pulled the cover over
his face to shield them.  This small action enraged his mother; she believed
that he was trying to hide from the monsters under the bed again, though he
had not spoken of such monsters for two weeks.
        "Dammit, Joey, no monsters are hiding under your bed!  Here, I'll
even check for you." 
        No good night kiss for Joey, no wish for sweet dreams.   He closed 
his eyes as a tear trickled down his cheek.
        Joey's mother tossed the blanket halfway across the bed, leaving
Joey partially uncovered.  Slowly Joey's mother knelt onto the floor,
crawled a couple of feet forward.  Fat jiggled and rolled over her body as
she lowered herself onto her bloated stomach.  Joey peeked over the edge of
the bed and quickly hid under the covers.  He did not want to be accused of
thinking bad thoughts about his mother, for punishment for that crime far
outweighed (like his mother outweighed Jabba) punishment for any other.
        "See?"  Joey's mother started to rise, her tone full of reprimand 
and shame over her weakling son.  Joey huddled under the covers in fear,
praying his mother would leave him be this once.
        His prayers were interrupted as his bed suddenly roseinto the air.  
His mother screamed as Joey's bed continued to rise and fall.  "JOEY!  JOEY!
OH MY GOD, JO-"  Silence stung his ears as he pushed the blanket to the foot
of the bed.  His mother had disappeared.
        "Hey, where's my mother?"  Joey demanded of the blackness under the
bed. 
        A loud belch sounded out beneath the bed and Joey smiled, crawling
under the blankets for a good night's sleep.



			   _In My World_
			   Deborah Bryan
			   17 July, 1996

 in my world
people feel hopeless
  something wrong
   but what?
 there seems
  no hope of change
we are set in our ways

  in my world
 a woman is raped
   and her lifestyle
	is questioned,
    each indescretion,
	each mistake she has ever made
		displayed for a jury

   in my world
  a rapist is set free
    because we must be fair to him
		he is innocent
		until proven guilty

			she
		was guilty from the beginning

Editor's note:
	I wrote this while thinking of my mother's trial - though my mother
  was not the defendant in the case, she may as well have been.   Gone were
  any thoughts of the perpetrator's guilt, replaced by display after 
  display of my wicked mother's insanity.  Where is the justice in this?
	Not two weeks after writing this I found that my sister has been
  molested several times by a trusted family "friend."  My mother screamed
  at herself and insulted herself, asking how she could have been so 
  stupid.  She had sworn that it would never happen again... and here it
  had. 
	My mother was taught well by the lawyers, judges and jury - it is
  not the fault of the perpetrator but _her_ fault for not psychically
  understanding that this trusted friend was abusing her daughter while
  she tried to get her life together.
	Amen for the criminal justice system, long live our brilliant
  police and courts!  
	My heart goes out to victims and to the families of victims -
  perhaps someday the blinds will be removed from our eyes.  I pray for
  this day, but wonder if it will ever come...
		Deborah Bryan
		7 August, 1996


			   ---------------

To contribue, mail
	brideb@efn.org.
To receive Cranberry Winters bimonthly, mail
	majordomo@efn.org and include the message 
        "subscribe cranberry-winters <your name>".
You can find my webpage at 
	http://www.efn.org/~brideb/Deb/

Thank you for reading!
