The FEDERATION FLASH 
"Exploring the Frontiers of 
Miraculous Probability"
Issue #30; Summer, 1995

Published by Starbuilders
P.O. Box 220964
Hollywood, FL  33022-0964
USA

Internet e-mail: jal_kae@gate.net

-------------------------------------------------------------------
Starbuilders publishes "The Federation Flash" periodically. It is written
and edited by extraterrestrial walk-ins Aldin and Malchora for masters at
all stages of awakening, in service to the Ascension of the Planetary
Consciousness. 

They serve with The Federation of Light, a council of Masters sourcing
from different dimensions, various locations in space, and points in time. 

Starbuilders honors all divine beings who are dedicated to the Divine
purpose of co-creating Heaven on Earth. 

"Starbuilders," "Starbuilders Publishing," and "New Species Music" are
outreach projects of the ULC. 

Other materials available by e-mail are: "Live the Impossible!" "Integrity
Tools," and Issue #29 of "The Federation Flash." Ask and you will receive! 
Hard copies of this issue, full of really cool graphics, are available by
post. Write us at the above address. Donations are welcome, but not
required. 

For those who are interested in books and tapes that we have produced,
there is a catalogue section at the end. It is followed by a short section
of the Transmutational Services that we offer. 

......................................................

Introduction

Greetings. My name is Aldin. I am the sixth extraterrestrial walk-in to
inhabit this body. Having projected my consciousness in here on March 1st,
I do not yet feel fully grounded (as of March 21st). Although I know very
little about who I am, I am discovering daily what I am *not*. The reason
I am sharing this is because it has proved to be useful information. I 
must add that some beings who have read this became very upset with my 
viewpoint. I sincerely apologize for any emotional upsets you have gone 
through as a result of my explorations.

"What!? No Info?!"

Speaking as the Ground Crew (the emotional, mental, and physical bodies),
when I have a walk-in experience, the new inhabitant comes with an
energetic "portfolio" that includes his name, Function, dimension of
origin, Divine essence, and more. So far, I have receive my name, that is
all. 
	My Divine Compliment (was "Kumara") did not even receive that. She
said, "I can't deal with it [being walked into again]. Just give me a
name." So, I called her "Alara." She liked it. As a ground crew, I have
learned not to push for information. When I do that, it is usually an act
of Personal Will, and this only invites suggestions from fourth-
dimensional entities, which may or may not be accurate. 

The Nots Have It

One of my first realizations was that *I am not my memories.* It seems to
be common human practice to identify oneself with one's memories. After
all, we did have those experiences, didn't we? This, however, opens the
conjecture, "Didn't these experiences happen in the past, and isn't the
past an illusion [in contrast with the Eternal Now]?" Of course, they are
illusions; we can never really live in the past anymore than we can live
in the future. So, I cannot really be the memories of this body. 
	I now want to list other "I am nots" and go into detail when it
seems appropriate. I am not my image. In a materialist society that places
value upon our "looks" (that includes our weight, clothes, smell, car,
house, family, job), we are constantly judged by the image we project. We
are also encouraged to judge others. I might add that our image is, in
many ways, a reflection of our ego. We bow to the gods of Image.  
	I am not my physical, emotional, or mental bodies. These are tough
ones. If I get an ouchie on my finger, or if someone treats me badly -
hurts my feelings - or if I am bugged by stupid thoughts, in that moment
it is difficult to say, "I am not this," because I am suffering. However,
I am cultivating a generalized awareness that I am not the feelings of
this vehicle. This provides a space in my consciousness where I can go
during these moments of illusion. When there, I am "The Watcher,"
experiencing a fo rm of transcendence: I know I am not that which suffers.
(I am not the sufferer.)


More Nots

I am not my beliefs. In these days of accelerated change, to identify
oneself with one's belief is to beg to suffer. 

I am not my actions. I know that I often act unconsciously. By being in
human form, I am plugged in at a very basic level to the mass unconscious
of humanity. This requires me to play out certain dramatic scenarios.
Again, as The Watcher, I am not my actions. 

I am not my ideas. This mental body has a propensity to create many kinds
of models; however, I am not attached to them. As The Watcher, the Mind
Stream simply flows along. 

I am not what I eat. Food is the fuel to make this vehicle run. I assume
spirit will direct me to eat properly. 

I am not my reactions to other being's actions. As The Watcher, I observe
my reactions (and theirs), saying, "Very interesting...." 

I am not my sexual drive, nor my drive to protect my space, nor my desire
to "be on top" of the pecking order, nor my desire to survive. These are
instincts of the body which I respect. 


A Comment

As I continue to experience different aspects of my wholeness, which now
includes my humanness, I am having the experience of transcending many of
these things that I am not. The results are that I can relate from a place
of unconditional love whenever I interact with others. 

Here are a few more "not" discoveries:

I am not my race. The divisions that race differences cause - racism - can
be quite ugly. 

I am not my religion. One of the most absurd actions is when someone kills
or discriminates another because of their religion. The logic is: "You are
deluded and are my enemy because God says you're wrong." I don't think so.
Actually, it is religious dogm a that creates "enemy consciousness," by
claiming to know how God feels about the situation. 

I am not my class. Class discrimination is usually subtle, at least in the
society that it is at work in. I saw this form of separation take place
between two beings from India, where class takes on a religious nature in
the form of a caste system. 

I am not my ego. The ego thinks it is the center of the universe; it is
not. It is an illusory shadow. To be able to transcend this identity
crisis is a great relief. 

I am not my judgments. When we judge somebody, we first go into separation
and punish the guilty party, and then we punish ourselves, if we are
conscious of our "bad" actions. 

I am not my stupidities, mistakes, and idiosyncrasies. This covers a
multitude of sins. Once I can detach myself from stupidities and mistakes,
I can forgive myself for them; consequently, I can forgive others. 

I am not my sins.

I am not "what is wrong" with me.
                            

So Where Is Responsibility?

"Taking responsibility for our actions" has become a cornerstone for the
New Age movement. In general, it is a good principle: it takes away the
excuse that we are somehow victims. On the other hand, where does The
Force of Evolution fit in? Isn't it true that we are all in the hands of
our spirit? I think that once we have gotten out from beneath the illusion
of being victims, we can safely turn over responsibility for our lives to
spirit. (Some approaches simply say, "Give yourself to God, and you won't
be a victim anymore.)

Legally, ethically, and morally, I take responsibility for my actions. I
do not believe, however, that spirit would guide me to do anything outside
my integrity as a master unless the action, in some way, served the Divine
Mission of co-creating Heaven on Earth with other masters. 


So What Am I?

By the process of elimination, it looks like just The Watcher is left. As
a ground crew, I have had a variety of different consciousnesses utilize
me. Although all of them did not experiment with The Watcher model, those
who did have allowed me to make ce rtain observations about the qualities
of Watchers in general. 

First, all of them are peaceful.
Second, they are not judgmental; they are allowing and loving.
Third, they are not personal; they are transpersonal.
Fourth, they are not subject to suffering.
Fifth, I could say that they are centered, but that would fall short; they
are The Center. 

Yet, each Watcher has their own unique way of expressing these qualities
(peace, allowance, transpersonality). 


The Watcher - Divine?

Although I have never considered this before, I imagine that The Watcher
is our Essense, our Divine aspect, peering into form from its Formless
state. It is the thread that runs through the multitude of our
incarnations, weaving a diverse, multidimensional pattern of identities
and forms. 

I am this, a unique point of consciousness that sends its Light forth into
this universe. 


So What?

All of this adds up to living a life in which my consciousness resides in
a place where I can accept everyone for everything; it is the
unconditional love space. Of course, there are still places within this
body, mind, and emotions that still have trigger points; push them, and I
go 3- or 4-D. If I am lucky (a fourth-dimensional perception), the
universe will allow me to spot the hallucination and I will say, "Ah ha!
Another 'not!'" 

	I do not practice this in order to become enlightened; my Essence
*is* Light - to strive to become what I already truly am implies that I am
not. In terms of The Mission (of co-creating Heaven on Earth with other
masters), I do this so that I can be a mor e effective vehicle for the
Force of Evolution. The less walls I have up, the greater my chance to
serve this Force purely. Some may say that this is idealism. An ideal is a
picture of reality that we use to compensate for some perceived lack in
the present; it gives us something to shoot for when we are out of touch
with True Reality. 


Conclusion

There are many things I am not. I imagine that what I really am is rather
simple, as simple as the day is long. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------



Uncovering Unconscious Suffering

"The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want..." Twenty-Third Psalm

It is my guess that a major part - if not all - of the suffering in the
world revolves around "I want." "I want" is a function of ego. It thinks
it needs certain perks to be happy; when they do not manifest, it suffers.
Consequently, if we identify with our ego, we suffer. Our life then
becomes repetitious, chasing one "I want" after another. I must add that
the necessities of life are real needs to the body. As we are all in the
hands of our spirit, these needs will be provided for by our spirits,
unless spirit has a reason to let us warp out or die. If that is the case,
then all of the chasing in the world would not help, anyway. 

	Believing that we have to have certain things is, among other
things, a matter of faulty thinking; during socialization, we got in the
*habit* of perceiving reality this way. I have found a very simple and
effective way to focus on this habit - to become conscious of this
programing. Every time you interact with someone, especially those who are
close to you, ask yourself, "What do I want from this person?" (Some
typical answers are affection, money, support, attention, security,
conversation.) This sounds so easy - and it is - but it can take you to
some very deep internal levels; you may not like what you see. This tool
helps us become aware of the illusions that we unconsciously nourish. 

	Most people have their real motives buried beneath layers of
rationalization and idealization, seldom realizing that this self-deceit
is a source of pain. Be honest with yourself when you ask this question!
Lying never improves the situation, nor does it allow your Divinity to
manifest.  

	Using this technique on a daily basis, I am uncovering truths
about my illusory self that sometimes make me feel really bad. 
Fortunately, this clearing gives the truth more room to take residence and
expand; after I get over the identification with and hu miliation of the
illusion, I am free of it. Here is how I began the process and how the
insights grew. 

	First I used it with my team mates at Starbuilders, and then I
tried it with everyone I met. At the beginning, I found isolated answers
to the "What do I want from him/her?" question. But eventually, I saw that
these "isolated" answers were not isolated at all. The same answers kept
popping up in a variety of seemingly unrelated circumstances.  

	For example, the other day I was recording a phone message (on our
answering machine) and Alara, my divine mission mate, walked over and sat
down next to me. She was in a hurry to make a call and was sending out the
"get on with!" vibration to me. I was being psychically pushed and did
not like it. I thought, "What do I want from her?" "Stop pushing me!" was
the internal answer. The next day, we were cruising down the Interstate,
when a little brown car, traveling about 80 mph, zoomed up behind us, as
if to say, "Get out of my way!" I thought, "What do I want from her?" I
want her to "Stop pushing me!" So, I spotted a pattern. I have a definite
picture of reality that says that people push me. If I keep exploring, I
am sure that I will find it elsewhere. 

	The way that I deal with these patterns is to use a
fifth-dimensional technology; in this case, I used "The Polar Shift
Technology." This enabled me to get to the root of it, clear the astral
support of the illusion (disembodied spirits, astral implants, etc.), and
to receive an alternate picture of reality which replaced the distorted
one. In this particular example of being pushed, I found that *I* was
impatient; my belief in this third- and fourth-dimensional illusion of
impatience allowed me to hallucinate that impatience was real and that
other beings could push me. I was identifying with an aspect of my
wholeness that was unconsciously participating (read: stuck) in a
polarity. 

	To conclude, it is possible to live a life of "I shall not want."
It is a matter of transcending the various illusions presented to us
during socialization, that are inherent in human bodies, that we carry
karmically, and that we embody as astrological archetypes. The ability to
transcend these polar opposites is now supported by the planetary
consciousness and the force of evolution, making it much easier than ever
before to live beyond the walls of limitation. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------


Eternity in a Moment

As we travel through life, we experience many different states of being.
One of the most mystical experiences for me is living in the reality in
which there is nowhere to go and nothing to do (except the next thing that
spirit directs). From a third- and fourth-dimensional standpoint, this may
sound down-right boring or extremely apathetic. In my experience of this
mystical state, however, nothing is further from the truth. Eternity is in
us and around us in every moment. 

	We live in this Eternal Now. Yet when viewed through strictly
human lenses, we can distort this truth and imagine that time is not our
friend. We must race along at the pace it dictates, accomplishing
important and trivial tasks which may include saving ourselves and maybe
the world. 

	At some point, we begin to realize there is nothing to do (except
the next step). Our consciousness then starts to bring these stressful,
nagging illusions to light. After this, it is only a matter of time before
they fall away (time dissolves the illusion of time...). Some might say,
"I can hardly keep up with myself!" In this case, you may be living out
the survival realities of your ego, or your spirit just might have plenty
of work for you. (Much of this depends upon where you are in relation to
your Right Livelihood and your involvement with the Old World. See "The
Federation Flash, #29" for more information on Right Livelihood.) But
regardless of how much we have to do, there is only one thing that we can
do at a time. What I am suggesting is to be aware when you are rushing or
pushing yourself or others. (Key phrase: "I am pushing.") Remind yourself:
"There is nowhere to go, nothing to do." This helps to break the hypnotic
spell of being at the mercy of time. In truth, we are children of
eternity. 

	Sometimes I make plans to go somewhere or do something. Unless,
however, spirit gives me the spark to carry it through, it will not get
done. If I do it without the spark, I am participating in an
hallucination. When spirit does support an action, it happ ens
effortlessly - like nothing happened - and everything gets accomplished.
Additionally, I am never early or late. Ease and grace rules. 


Eternity as a Lifestyle
 
This is living in the state of grace. We embody our timeless nature,
allowing life to structure itself through us in optimal, harmonious
patterns, which our mental bodies could not possibly plan. It allows us to
live a miraculous life. We enjoy more, our wisdom expands. We allow events
to unfold without fighting, and our capacity to love is magnified. This
state is peaceful and awe-inspiring; from here, we watch the mystery of
life unfold. We participate, but at a level in which we are above or
outside our actions (transpersonal, not aloof). It does not matter whether
others agree or disagree with us ( or ignore us). We are so open that we
do not even believe in our disbeliefs. Why should we? We are all here with
nowhere to go, nothing to do, nothing to prove. (If ego interrupts, you
may suggest that everyone is in the hands of their spirit and that the
universe is unfolding as it should, according to the divine plan.) It is
liberating to know this, but *living* this is liberation. 

"Nowhere to go, nothing to do": I find this to be an excellent mantra and
an effective spiritual discipline - a veritable pole-vaulting device for
hurtling over the hallucinatory walls of time. It shows me the places
where my ego still controls my percept ions and actions. When living a
miraculous life, we consciously participate in a cosmic drama, witnessing
events that lovingly unfold within us, through us, and around us. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------


The Faces of Divinity

I share this information with you not as an authority on "absolute
reality" (if there is such a thing), but at best, as an authority on my
own, admittedly limited, picture of reality. We are all divine beings. My
current life focus (at least for today - things change so rapidly) is that
I am a divine being in service to the Force of Evolution. Many
people, or more specifically, people's egos, have a problem with this
"divinity thing."  

	Egos try to keep ourselves and others in a position that can be
controlled. Egos, however, cannot control divinity. So, in a vain attempt
to remain secure and on top of things, the ego builds an impossibly high
image (ideal) of what divinity is, so that it can shoot down anyone -
including itself - who takes a stand for their divine nature. 

	Divinity, when it has taken on human form, does not necessarily
conform to human expectations of perfection, which vary with each
individual. Instead, it expresses its truth in each moment, sometimes
surprising its onlookers. Using Christ as an example, most religious
ideals do not condone violence, yet He threw the money lenders out of the
temple, apparently without hesitation. This was a third-dimensional act
with fourth-dimensional overtones, performed by a tenth-dimensional
master. 

	If you proclaim to your friends (or to the world) that you are a
divine being, it is possible that a little voice in your head - your ego -
will not remain little. It may make you cringe from feelings of
unworthiness and guilt. This is because your ego does not believe that it
is divine, and rightly so. *Egos are not designed to support divine
identities, but to navigate survival realities.* So when we identify
ourselves with our egos, we cannot truly say, "I am a divine being."
Sometimes, as a means of becoming the center of attention, an ego will
stake its claim to divinty; however, the feeling tone will reveal it for
what it is. 

	Until recently, egos have not had to deal with this challenge
much, since it was rare to find beings proclaiming their divinity. This is
to be expected in a Limitation system where there are a variety of taboos
against saying Yes to one's divinity, some resulting in severe punishment.
Conditions, however, are different now; the Force of Evolution is flinging
the dimensional doors open - the days of Limitation are numbered. Millions
of masters from all over the universe have taken human form, are waking
up, and are beginning to stand up for their true identity. 


Dealing With Reactions

I have mentioned before that I am a master from another dimension. To the
beings that I work with, this is no big deal; it is just the way that it
is. But I have received a wide variety of reactions from others who only
know me casually. I extend my grati tude to all those individuals who
interact with me; I appreciate your sincerity, love, and support, and I
thank you for giving me the opportunity to explore my pictures of reality
in greater detail. Iwould like to share a couple of these interactions. 

	Someone said that it is not necessary to reveal one's divine
aspect. I do not see how withholding this information contributes to the
co-creation of Heaven on Earth. To the contrary: The universe rearranges
itself to accommodate our picture of reality; if we take a stand for our
divine truth, the universe will rearrange itself to support and manifest
our part in the co-creation of a new world. It is a power tool for Light
work. 

	One very loving being chose to address me as "master"; I felt odd
and explored this. Addressing a master as "master" is appropriate and
natural in a master-teacher/student relationship. I do not, however,
identify myself as a teacher. I am a master who works with other masters.
For me, the picture of reality that we are masters (or divine beings) is a
given. So, for this kind of address to work out, everyone would have to
call everyone master, which seems unnecessarily formal. 

	At the other end of the spectrum, I occasionally receive letters
that are plain nasty, caustically sarcastic, or even threatening. I am
perceived and treated as the enemy. The reality that these beings are
presenting suggests that they are, perhaps, in that moment, somewhat
other-dimensionally challenged; yet, they spark insights, and I expand.
So, thanks for sharing...even though interacting with you was psychically
unpleasant. (I am not my psyche.) Honestly, I do not, however, look
forward to further in teractions *of that sort* with you, even though we
are both equal but different aspects of the same God. 

	In short, everyone who agrees, disagrees, or ignores me
contributes to my expansion. I welcome, love, and support you in your
sharing with me your love, support, and contrasting pictures of reality. I
do not, however, support verbal or psychic attacks, although if that is
what you have to offer in the moment, so be it: Love, Always. 

 
New Archetypes, New Realities

Some have said that humanity needs new archetypes; I agree. In a sense, we
are the new archetypes - all of the masters who are here participating in
The Ascension of the Planetary Consciousness.  Some of us are serious,
some very playful. Others have a very great breadth of vision, while some
have narrow, laser-like focuses. The new archetypes will spotlight
*diversity* and the *unique and powerful individual expression of Light*
as an aspect of mastery. 

	There is also a new distinction to the meaning of "master": The
new archetype of master does not seek students or followers. Why? Because
in the new civilization, we are all sovereign beings, relating to each
other as such. This is what the new masters embody.
	
	As we express our divine light, new realities necessarily emerge -
the universe rearranges itself to accommodate our picture of reality. As a
consequence, when we take a stand for and begin manifesting our divinity,
a holy reality begins to take form. When we interact with other masters in
this way, we increase the impact of this co-creative force. Just being
together is enough to co-create small versions of heaven on earth. This is
because, as divine beings, we are living technologies - contact with us
necessitates change, even though we have no intention of changing anyone. 


Can "Just Being" Do It?

It is going to take a miracle (or miracles) for the earth to ascend. The
information available in the human form (DNA, past lives, astrological
data, etc.) detailing "how to ascend a planet" does not exist. But as
divine beings, what we can do within the realm of our ignorance (egos do
not think they are ignorant) is to "just be" and allow spirit to move us,
step by step, manifesting miracles in our wake. This is another way to
define small doses of divine intervention. 

	Additionally, as we move deeper into the mystery of this
miraculous way of life, we discover that we do not need to graduate from
the karmic system, to conquer our negative aspects, or practice
surrendering our personal will to spirit - it begins to happen
automatically, miraculously. 


Children of God

I feel very natural when I say that I am a divine being in service to the
Force of Evolution. For the most part, I can see this aspect in everyone.
I do not imply that you and I are God. I recognize that we are a *part* of
God, children of God, if you wish; children of divinity are divine. 

	We may relate to the "child of God" concept in one of three ways.
We may (1) reject the idea, (2) accept it intellectually, but continue to
live as "children of humanity," or (3) accept it as our truth (within our
own understanding of it), and live our li ves based on it. This last
option qualifies us as both a "child of God" and "child of man," because
we are in human form, acting from a heavenly state of consciousness. 


Conclusion

Our link to divinity is our heritage. More and more beings are rightfully
claiming this aspect of themselves. We are not alone in our vision. 

	Each individual represents a unique face of The-All-That-Is. As
our masks of guilt and unworthiness fall away, our true identities - our
unique Light - will shine. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------


On Believers

There are many stages that light workers go through when they come to work
on planet earth. (I would like to add that some beings enter these stages
in different orders. They also relate to them in unique ways.) At some
point, we have the dreaded realization, "Yikes! I'm trapped in a karmic
system!" and enter the "Search for The Answer" stage. Life has convinced
us that we do not know The Answer. We then start to look for a way out of
this nightmare that is commonly call real life. Our first step is to
investigate the teachings of some creed or philosophy; subsequently, the
believer, student, devotee, or follower is born. 

	One of the reasons that we do not find The Answer within is
because the system socializes us - makes us "normal." Our instructors
convince us that we must go to the experts (priests, scientists,
psychologists, other authorities) for answers. Oddly enough, this includes
information about God, who just happens to be everywhere. 

	What do believers want? We must find out How To Do It Right. Why
do we want to Do It Right? We want to regain our divine perspective which
we think we have lost. To accomplish this, we must take upon ourselves the
complete mental structure of the system we are exploring. This will alter
our internal landscape. We must now defend this new picture of reality at
all costs (if we want it to work). 

	What if some elements of the new internal landscape sound true to
us? This will usually be the case. Any durable system must have bits of
truth in it. These bits are what believers latch onto at first. Just
because some elements of a system are true, howe ver, does not mean that
we must buy the entire package. We may simply take what is true for us and
make it our truth. 

	How can someone else's truth become "our truth?" When something
sounds true for us it is because that truth is already inside us. The
words that we receive from the outside simply stimulates that truth (that
is dormant within) to remembrance. It was our t ruth all along; we had
just forgotten about it. 


Gung Ho!

Speaking for the original inhabitant of this body, I have played the role
of student and believer several times in this lifetime. I was a "I'm going
to convert the world" Christian, a fanatical macrobiotic (is there any
other way?), a "You've got to read this book! Here...take one!" "Handbook
to Higher Consciousness" zealot, a Zen Buddhist kind of guy, a long-term
disciple of a Great Master of the Rosicrucian Order, and an E.T. Earth
Missionite, to name a few. I spent many, many joyous times during this
phase and have no regrets about any of it. 

	On a personal note, the Christian phase was valuable. It showed me
that trying to convert others to my picture of reality was a form of
manipulating myself and others. This causes separation. It was a rather
dark period for me, but did not diminish my lov e for its Divine founder.
Ken Keyes' "Handbook to Higher Consciousness" was philosophically sound. I
eagerly gave all my friends a copy of that book. One night, however,
something quite surprising happened. As I laid in bed, I saw the entire
philosophy scroll before my eyes, like it was written on a long,
invisible piece of paper. It had no real substance; it was simply a
picture of reality! 

	My Zen experience was more satisfying, though less intense. I
studied and absorbed a great deal from a distance, and I liked their art.
When I became a student of a Great Master of the Rosicrucian Order, I felt
saved. Finding one's master can be a blissful experience. It was very
difficult to part ways (after 15 years) with such a loving being. Spirit,
however, was insisting that I move on. I was not sure if I would remain in
what I perceived as a state of grace. Fortunately, we live in a miraculous
and loving universe. I found that the universe did not sever my connection
with divinity, but, indeed, strengthened it. There comes a time when we
must stand on our own. 

	As a follower of Extraterrestrial Earth Mission, I learned about
new models of reality and universal principles. I use them to this day. I
feel that this group has made a significant impact on the planetary
consciousness via human consciousness. They were my outside authority for
some time. Since I believed that they knew "How It Is," I figured that
whatever they said must be right. I began to model my behavior after them.
I put aside valuable aspects of myself and adopted poses that were not my
own. My expressions became artificial. Soon after the walk-ins arrived,
however, I saw that this kind of relationship was dysfunctional,
fifth-dimensionally speaking. If I could not relate to them as equals,
then I would be less than authentic - I would be out of my integrity. 


Something Lost, Something Gained

Something happens when we buy into these structures: We can become closed
systems. The priests oblige us to reject truths that are beyond the walls
of their system. If we step past the bounds, priest and followers alike
may label us a heretic. This restriction, usually reinforced by threats of
excommunication, eternal damnation, or down-home discrimination, cuts us
off from several other lines of truth. We sacrifice expansiveness to learn
the system, and it is the learning that gives the sacrifice value. 

	In general, fundamentalism (fun-da-mental-ism) is a manifestation
of an extremely closed system. The more tightly closed the system, the
greater the internal pressure on the believer.  

	We become highly polarized while living in this psychic
environment. When we blend this kind of religious fervor with politics,
the body, mind, and emotions become volatile. Enemy consciousness becomes
heavily accented. We do not throw spirit into the back seat, we lock it in
the trunk. Psychic and, at times, physical viole nce can result. Could
this be "spiritual psychosis"? 

	When I share pictures of reality that contrast with those of a
believer, I realize the risks (mostly minor psychic attacks). They will,
at least, label me "wrong," or, in some cases, treat me as the enemy. I
have an understanding of this phase and of the actions of those within it,
so I try to interpret our interactions within this context.  

	It does not matter whether we behave as students or masters. There
are no superior phases. To think otherwise would be like saying that the
flower is more important than the seed. 


What To Do

When we are in believer mode, that is where we should be. If we are here
to participate in the ascension of the planetary consciousness, then we
will probably move beyond the believer stage. It is all a matter of cosmic
timing or "sequencing." We cannot use our Personal Will to stop being
students; we cannot decide to graduate from the game. If we are still
longing to connect with our own wisdom, we must still seek. When the times
comes to leave this mode, we simply quit, not because we are frustrated
or are tired of searching, but because it is over. 

	In the new civilization, there are no followers or believers, no
closed systems. Sovereign masters, each following his or her spirit
without hesitation, are the inhabitants. Each being has his own
interpretation of "The Way That It Is," yet is open to the insights of
others. This expands our "Way That It Is." 


Shifting Modalities

The teacher/student, authority/believer, divinity/devotee relationship
serves a valuable, and many times, enjoyable function. Until recently, it
was the best learning system that the planetary consciousness had to
offer. We are, however, at a new phase of evolutionary action.
	
	As the force of evolution drives us to follow the dictates of our
spirit, we begin to see the limitations of these relationships. We realize
that they are steps, not The Path. We need not, however, make students and
teachers the enemy. (I still love my ma ster, Christians are okay,
Buddhism is cool, etc.) If we make them our enemy, we are simply behaving
as students in resistance to being students.
	
	Instead, we can take our place in the grand scheme of the
universe, operating from within the context of our cosmic identity. This
demands allowance, including the allowance of our own intolerances. 


Disclaimer (of Sorts)

This may sound like another "The Way That It Is" model, and it is. I am
not, however, teaching it, nor am I looking for disciples or followers. I
am not even sure if sharing these models is part of my work - perhaps it
is just an expression. Regardless, it feels right to do this, it enriches
my life, and above all, spirit supports it. That is enough for me. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------



Exploring The Planetary Consciousness
(and other somewhat related topics)


Call her "Gaia," call her "Earth," call her "mother." Whatever we choose
to name her, the planetary body is responsible for all human life. Planet
Earth is a vehicle of consciousness similar to our own body. She can
channel other entities and be walked in to. (A new planetary entity
allegedly walked into the planetary body during the late Eighties.)
	

Human Error

At a distance from this is the widespread belief that we "create our own
reality." This is a half-truth: If I create my reality, then I must create
you and the planetary body. This implies that I am God the Creator.
Therefore, if I die, you and the Earth - my creations - must vanish. Do
you believe that? 

	Humanity is but a thin texture spread across the living globe. It
amazes me when I see egos proclaiming themselves God. I realize, though,
that it is not always a matter of arrogance. It could be a reaction
against perceived powerlessness - an attempt to put fearful or
unfathomable circumstances within a manageable, mental framework. Or, like
an apple claiming, "I am the tree!" it could be a distortion of the truth
that we are a *part* of God. 

	Life, however, is a co-creative process. To become human, our
consciousness must project itself into a human body, usually when it is
developing in the womb. Our body is a product or extension of the
planetary consciousness. Human life, therefore, is a partnership, a
merging of Heaven (our spirit) and Earth (planetary form). 


Complete Responsibility

The concept that we must take "complete responsibility" for our
experiences is a half-truth, as well. For example, I have heard there are
at least thirty thousand children that starve to death every day. This
horror story is within my realm my experience. Am I responsible for this? 

	There are many forces at work in that story. The planetary
consciousness, however, is a major player. *All terrestrial experiences,
both positive and negative, can only manifest with the permission of the
planetary consciousness.* Without her consent, it cannot happen. For
instance, if she were not allowing (the illusion of) death, no one could
die. Additionally, there are billions of other human, animal, and plant
consciousnesses (not to mention a multitude of Light and Dark Forces in
the fourth dimension). Billions of other beings are also involved, each
with their own picture of reality. All contribute to the co-creative
synergy operating on Earth. No single being could possibly be completely
responsible for all of this. 

	Here is a perspective as to what degree we may be responsible for
events we experience. When we say, for example, "I am sad," what is really
happening is a *shared* experience of Heaven and Earth: "*We* are sad."
That may sound ridiculous, but only becaus e the relationship between our
consciousness and the Earth's exists on a level too deep for the rational
mind to grasp. In this respect, the Earth is an extension of our
wholeness. Therefore, in a very small way, we could say that we are
"co-responsible" for what ails the world. The best we can do is to follow
our spirit, forgive ourselves and others, and, perhaps, pray for or help
lessen the suffering of others in whatever way spirit directs.  

	One could argue that karma is responsible for tragedies, or that
we had agreed to suffer before we incarnated. Earth's (fourth-dimensional)
karmic system, however, could not exist without her support. And although
the apparent victim may have agreed (on a spiritual level) to suffer, the
Earth had to approve the request to suffer. Planets are sovereign
entities. 


Veils

Every species has its own innate intelligence. They instinctively know how
to do astoundingly complex tasks. This is the workings of the planetary
intelligence embedded into her creatures, including Homo sapiens. In other
words, *our bodies have a mind of their own!* This obscures our search for
identity as we live out planetary archetypal options.  

	You may have heard about "veils of consciousness." I believe that
the embedded creature intelligence is a major veil and has many layers. 


How Smart Is She?

Look at mankind. In many ways, it imagines itself as the hottest (if not
the only) act in the entire universe (next to God, of course). 

	Look at the planetary consciousness. It is more intelligent than
we can imagine. Our unique set of experiential filters (mental, emotional,
and physical bodies) are on loan from this remarkable being. She made our
brains: brains are Earth stuff. She makes the air we breathe (and take for
granted), the water we drink, and the DNA codes that control our
biological functions and development. Our emotional body is, in a way, an
extension of her astral body. This is her doing, not God's. (Ultimately,
of course, God made everything.)

 

 Save the Planet?

In our pride or confusion, we may think that we could save or heal the
Earth. This implies that something is wrong with her and that she is not
in the hands of her spirit. At one time, the original inhabitant of this
body believed this. He gave plenty of money to charities dedicated to this
cause. This escalated to the point where he felt compelled to join Green
Peace to have a clear conscience, to do enough. 

	One day he heard something quite liberating. The planet is not
sick or dying; rather, it is transforming in a miraculous way. She is
fine. If the Earth wanted to protect herself from humanity - the big
eco-destroyer - she could make humanity disappear ove rnight. Fortunately,
she is a loving being. 

	If, however, spirit directs us to join a "heal the world"
organization, we should join. And just because the Earth can take care of
herself does not mean that we should abuse her. As spiritual beings, it is
natural for us to love her.  Working to save the Old World has merit.
There is, however, much value in dedicating one's life to the New World.
We can contribute by standing up for our truth and following our spirit
without hesitation. The Force of Evolution will do the rest. 


Free Will - An Earth Commodity

"Free Will is like a free lunch." Zantron

When the planetary consciousness ascends, all life forms present on her
body must shift with her. We are subservient to her rules. We are playing
with her toys. Can we say, "Hey! I've got Free Will, and I say I'm not
going to change!"? The planetary consciousness bestows Free Will on us;
it is not something that we bring with us. 

	Free Will gives us the option of not following our spirit without
hesitation. We are also free to ignore what is true for us in favor of
someone else's (or some group's) picture of reality.
	
	Furthermore, we are able to resist our humanity. We are free to
deny, suppress, distort, or fight the human nature. It is, however,
through the understanding of our wholeness that allowance is born.
Allowance then invites the manifestation of spiritual behavior. To
complete the circle, as we become more divine, we become more human. 
 

Hierarchies

Mankind thinks it is on top. This may be true as far as the food chain
goes. Dolphins, however, are intelligent and live beautiful lives. Are we
superior to them just because we have cable? I am not belittling mankind.
At times, our self-importance blinds us. The way I see it, Earth is on
top, and all of her manifestations are second. 

	When taken to the level of the solar system, the star, Sol, reigns
supreme. The planets, including Earth, move to second place. Without the
sun, the planets may never have been born. 

	As the Earth sets rules for her inhabitants, so the sun puts
parameters on his children. This hierarchical relationship then expands to
include the consciousness of the galaxy, the super-galaxy, the universe,
the omniverse, The Source, and ultimately, God (or The-All-That-Is). And
then there is man. 

	I am just a small part of this gigantic organization of
consciousness. I do my work, serving the ascension of the planetary
consciousness, one step at a time. There is no way that my human
components could know how to do this. My "I AM" aspect, however, interacts
with the planetary consciousness. It guides me to right action and
service. 


Humility

Like everyone, I am an eternal light, occasionally dipping into the darker
realms of timespace. Yet, the magnitude and wonder of it all humbles me. 

	To feel this way in relation to the planet is natural. I believe
humility - a form of surrender - opens a door for this magnificent being
to share her wisdom with us. But whether or not we are humble, she is
benevolent. Even when we think we are superior to her, she still supports
us: Like a loving mother, she watches her one month old baby playing king
of the world. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Catalogue Section

Book, Tapes, Technologies, and Light Tools 
produced by Starbuilders.

............................................................................................

“The Ascension of the Planetary Consciousness” 
Second Edition

Channeled information from The Federation of Light. This highly compact
book presents an in trigu ing picture about the upcoming shift in the
Planetary Conscious ness. A clearly detailed, non-fear-based Vision of the
Ascension Process, offering a joyous a lternative to many gloom and doom
scenarios. "Rejoice! The Beginning is near!" $7

"[The book] is original, entertaining, thought-provoking, and uplifting."
– Magical Blend Magazine

"Amazing...This book has a lot of heart. Just what the New Age doctor
ordered." – New Age Retailer
 
--------
"Live the Impossible!"
 
This is a collection of over 30 of the most relevant articles from Issues
1-26 of "The Federation Flash." We have expanded most of the articles, so
the information is even more clear and insightful.  $8

-------------------------
"The Polar Shift Technology"

This book/tape set describes the steps of this remarkable process. 

	Traditionally, the way to deal with hallucinations (suffering,
illusions) was to use the "fight or flight" strategy. 
	The Polar Shift Technology offers a practical tool for exploring,
accepting and clearing hallucinations. It presents a viable, alternate
reality base from which to act. When used over time, you can establish an
entirely new reality, based on information revealed by the I AM. 
	It is a great tool to use when processing and transmuting dense
pictures of reality.  $17

------------------------------------------------------------------
"Sacred Symbols; Mystical Designs for Patchwork and Applique”

This book provides a variety of mystical symbols from ancient to channeled
E.T– that you can use for meditation, patchwork, or applique.  $11

------------------------------------------------------------------

Back Issues of  "The Federation Flash"    $3 each

Issues # 1-26: See "Live the Impossible!" 

Issue # 27:  Contains "Truth is Everywhere," "Psychic Intrusion," "The
Second Coming of The Christ," "So, You Want to be a Walk-In," "Living a
Miraculous Life," "I Am Nothing," "Idealitis: Is There a Cure?"  more. 

Issue # 28:  Contains "Unconditional Ascension," "Enchantment," "Expanding
Inner Horizons," "Newly Awakened," "Three Worlds to Live In," and more. 

Issue # 29:  Contains "Unconditional Ascension Update," "Reality Cards,"
"Whirlpools of Perception," "Beyond Right Livelihood," "Heroes in Our
Head," "Wrong Avoidance." 

-----------
"Beyond Human Patterns"

This 60 minute (talk) cassette covers the topics "True Ecstasy," "Refining
Grids," "Masters and Patterns," "The Right to be Deluded," and more.  $11

--------------------

* Music Section *
New Species Music

The Trilogy
"Not Exactly Earth Music" 

The following channeled music is melodic and poetic, yet intense; it
displays many new musical forms. It can be used for meditation, astral
traveling, or while preforming crystal layouts and other light work. 

--------------------------------
"Dimensional Journey"

This is a guided musical meditation describing various stages of Earth
life from an E.T. perspective. Includes "Crossing the Dimensional
Barrier," "The Search for Self," "Going Home," "Heaven on Earth,"
"Transmutation," more.  $11

-------------------------------
"The Oceans of Space"
Music to Mutate By. 

These pieces musically paint the outer planets with a lavish palette of
unique sounds.  $11

+ "This music literally transcends your mind... It is tranquil and
relaxing and definitely different... Truly beautiful music. Words are so
hard to describe the feelings I felt." – Ladyhawk, The Dream Weaver

-----------------------------
"The Infinite Native"

This collection completes the trilogy as it musically navigates the
regions of Middle Earth. Selections include "Slice of the Vortex,"
"Subterranean Fanfare," "Bright Crystal Rain drops," "The Infinite
Native," "Walking Through Walls," and more.  $11

+  "I really liked your tape. I'll be mentioning it in our next
newsletter." – David Kilkenny, Twelve Tone Systems

----------------------------------------------------------

Sonic Technologies
New Species Music

Please Note: These tapes are sonic applications which disassemble
disharmonic energy structures within one's system. Some beings have strong
emotional reactions when listening, while others appreciate this style of
sound. 
	Some beings report that if they listen while they (or their
environment) are tense, the tension is magnified. Others have reported
that the sounds actually relieve tension. 

----------------------
"Sonic Access"

This collection of channeled sounds "flips on internal switches." 
Headphones are recommended (for all sonic tapes).  $11

+ "[The sounds] disassembled linear elements of my reality. Let a friend
of mine just hold [the cassette]...Said it felt like a million volts of
energy." – Andron

--------------------------------------------------------
“The Sonic Rites Initations, I, II, and III”

 These tapes were originally available only as part of "The Orion
Ascension Technologies." Spirit has now directed us to release them
separately.
	We view these sounds as symbolic structures, many of whose
meanings have no easy translation into human language. 
	For example, in the First Intitation tape, the piece "Een-Chok"
represents the concept of "entering the chaos plus planting the seed." 
$17 each

--------------------------------
"Sonic Rites Initiation I"

Contains: (1) Rae-Don, "Suspended in space, standing before the doorway." 
(2) Ilk-Lod, "Chance + Change." (3) Den-Rae, "Moving beyond doubt +
Acceptance." (4) Che-Tef, "In honor and service to spirit," plus four
more. 

"Sonic Rites Initiation II"

Contains: (1) Kon-Chen, "Eyes in the back of your head." (2) Zam-Kalt,
"Throat Chakra + Standing above suffering + Cosmic strength." (3) Ken-Da,
"Balance," plus five more.

"Sonic Rites Initiation III"

Contains: "Steps 1 through 8."  

-----------------------------------------------
"The 12:12"

We made this tape on the "12:12" as part of our work with a wonderful
being in the Great Pyramid. Although not musical, there is much toning.
Channeled entities lay down twelve energetic grids during this session.
Highly charged.  $12

............................................................

*** Tools ***

To use the two headbands listed below, simply place them comfortable
around your head. Close your eyes, relax, and allow your self to go to the
highest place that spirit wishes. If you find that you have channeled into
another life form, look down at your feet while still in that body; that
will give you an idea of what species you are visiting. 

---------------------------------------
"The Angelic Head Band"

Use it to easily and rapidly transport your conscious ness into the
Angelic realms; reach a deep, meditative state in moments. We've lined
this ultrasuede head band with crystals and minerals that facilitates this
experience.  $25

----------------------------------------------------
"The Reverse Channeling  Facilitator"

Channel out of your body and project into the bodies of other life forms
through out the universe. The wonderful life forms out there may amaze
you. We've lined this head band with a combination of meteorites,
minerals, and crystals that facilitate this experience.  $44

+ "This Head Band is a very useful tool; more than just for meditation, it
brings forth insights, creativity and Light from the Universe into the
body." – Nancy Leggett, Director, New World of Healing Arts,
InterDimensional Healing. 

-------------------------------------
"The Etheric Laser Scalpel"

This remarkable tool is composed of a Brazilian Diamonte quartz handle
(for focusing energy), a modified fluorite crystal center (for cleansing),
and a pyramid-cut, gem moldavite tip. 
	To use, how the scalpel about an inch or so above the area to be
worked upon. The tip need not touch the skin, though it can be an
effective technique when appropriate. 
	The Scalpel removes dense, energetic clusters from the etheric
body. Just pass it through the aura and feel the density. After a minute
or so, you will the release and the removal of the blockage. It's an
amazing tool! $77

-----------------------------------
"The Mystic Accelerator"

This tool, embedded with azurite geodes, herkimer diamonds, quartz
crystal, and gem moldavite smashes dark crystals in the etheric body.
Place it on any chakra for a few minutes, the results can be felt
throughout the body. Powerful, intense, and liberating. For comfort, a
cotton hand-crocheted pad is included. Hand made ceramic.  Persons
diagnosed as having a nervous disorder should not use this.  $77

-------------------------------------------------------------------
Items From Other Teams
-------------------------------------------------------------------

The E.T. Masters Tool Kit
By E.T. Earth Mission
We highly recommend these technologies: 
	ˆ "The Superconscious Technique": a miraculous manifestation
technology. (Booklet)
	ˆ Conscious Channeling": An E.T. approach. Channel your own spirit,
as well. (Book)
	ˆ "Shattering Illusions": A great tool for clearing downward
spiraling energies.  (Two tape set)
	ˆ "Transcending the Fourth Dimension": A loving way to send disem
bodied spirits to the Light! (Book/tape set) 
	$57 for the entire Tool Kit.

-------------------------
"The Awakening"
E.T. Earth Mission

An excellent book, packed full of just about everything you wanted to know
about the Ascension, Light Bodies, the Planetary Consciousness, and much
more. 
 
---------------
"E.T. 101"
Mission Control

This is a humorous, code popping book. It describes how E.T.s manage (or
don’t manage) when they find themselves in a human body on Earth, and,
gulp...they forgot whatever it was they were supposed to remember!  Great
reading! 

--------------------------------
"The Force of Wisdom"
E.T. Earth Mission

Three audio cassettes boldly take you to where no one has gone before –
into the fifth dimension. Well, at least no one has so clearly articulated
the realities of this dimension. It's a wake-up tape! 

------------------------------------------------------
"Living Outside Your Survival Bubbles"
E.T. Earth Mission

An eye-opening five tape set! These insights can shed light on places you
didn't even know you had! Topics include: "Money," "The Political Self,"
"Sex," "Radical Self Reliance," and much, much more. 

------------------

Last Minute Addition
 
--------------------
The Sri Yantra

Malchora has hand crafted the Sri Yantra ("Sacred Machine") in tile form.
The symbol represents the way in which the universe functions.
	Each 12" x 12" relief tile is pressed from terracotta clay and
partially glazed in Royal Blue. Includes display stand. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------        
_______________________   OrderForm   _______________________________ 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Please make your check or money order payable to (in U.S. dollars):
Starbuilders, An Outreach Project of the ULC, 
P.O. Box 22-0964, Hollywood, FL 33022-0964 
USA 

Your Donations are tax-deductible. 


Name: _______________________________________________


Address: ____________________________________________


City: ___________________________ ST:______ Zip: ________________ 

Please include your phone number in case we have a question about your
order. 


(______) __________ - _______________________
           

Please circle or mark your choices:

The Ascension of the Planetary Consciousness $7
 
Live the Impossible! $8
 
The Polar Shift Technology $17
 
Sacred Symbols, Mystical Designs... $11
 
The “12:12” $12

Dimensional Journey    $11
 
The  Oceans of Space $11
 
The Infinite Native $11
 
Sonic Access $11
 
The Sonic Rites Initiation $17
 
The Sonic Rites Initiation II $17
 
The Sonic Rites Initiation III $17
 
Beyond Human Patterns $11
 
Living Outside Your Survival Bubbles $55
 
Reverse Channeling Facilitator $44
 
The Angelic Headband $25
 
The Etheric Laser Scalpel $77
 
E.T. Masters Tool Kit $57
 
E.T. 101 $13
 
The Force of Wisdom $33
 
 The Awakening $11
 
The Mystic Accelerator $77
 
Back Issues of, "“The Federation Flah"” (#27/#28/#) each $3
 

************** Subtotal :   $

S&H: Please add $3.50 for the first item & 50¢ for each additional item; double for Canada; quadruple for overseas.
 

************** S&H : $
 



************** Total $


-------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------    Services from Starbuilders   -------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------

We offer a variety of transformational services at Starbuilders. What
follows is a brief description of these. A detailed "Services" brochure is
available. 

------
"The Orion Ascension Technologies"

Soon to be released on cassette.

------------
"The StarSeed Activation Technologies"

This is a series of three technologies. They are Light Grids that we and
our off-planet (other-dimensional) team superimpose upon the physical and
etheric bodies. Each has its own unique effect. 

Benefits: 

*The First Grid ("The Solar Force Activations" I & II) establishes a new
relationship with the world: positive, direct, and, most importantly,
allows us to express our Divinity easily. It activates the Solar Force
within. 

*The Second Grid ("The Miracle Template") facilitates the graceful
surrender of Person Will. The "Miracle Template" Grid sets a foundation
serving to facilitate living a miraculous life. 

*The Third Grid ("The Crystal Skull") is a sixth-dimensional overlay,
allowing the entrance and expansion of specific symbols. In effect, they
push aside veils of consciousness, thereby expanding awareness.
Application: They can be applied to anyone, anywhere in the world. 

Donation: 
First Grid-$95; Second Grid-$125; Third Grid- $333.


"The Looking Glass Technology"

For those who feel drawn to participate in the Mission in an expansive
way, The Looking Glass Technology allows us to move between parallel
Earths. 

Benifits: Greatly expands our perceptions of reality; allows us to work at
many different levels. 

Application: By phone or in person.
Donation: $333


---------------------------
"Duality Field Balancing"

Trying to avoid being wrong and to be right envelops us in the polarizing
field of "right vs. wrong." 

Benifit: balances the negative energy created by this paradox. Easier to
follow spirit. 

Application: Anywhere in the world; not restricted by time/space
considerations. 

Donation: $77


------------------
"Sessions"

in person and by phone. We will share our insights, perspectives,
experience, and energies with you. Donation: $77 per hour


------------------------------
"Transformational Weekends"

Spend the weekend with us (or any two days). Call.

-------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------
That's it for now!

Love, Always,
The Starbuilders Team
