The FEDERATION FLASH 
“Exploring the Frontiers of 
Miraculous Probability”
Issue #35; Winter 1996

Published by 
Starbuilders
P.O. Box 220964
Hollywood, FL  33022-0964
USA

Internet e-mail: starbldr@gate.net
WWW: http://www.lightwork.dk/Starbuilders
Fax: (954) 927-7659

************ 

In this issue:

*  Subscription, free issues, product, and editorial information

* Masthead/Statement of Purpose

* Introduction to the Winter Issue
                                                                 
* Astral Implants: Who, Where, What, Why, and How

* Fantasies and The Dark Side

* Constructive Chaos: The Left Hand of the Force of Evolution

* Curses and Forgiveness

* Unconditional Forgiveness

* Warriors of the Light; Evolutionary Agents; Roles

* The Two Faces of Divinity

* The Neo-Sabbath    

* Science Alert

*************************************

E-versions of past Issues #31, 32, 33, and 34 of "The Federation Flash"
are available free upon e-mail request (starbldr@gate.net), or visit our
web page. To subscribe, send e-mail saying, "Subscribe." 

Hard copies (and hard copy subscriptions) are available for a donation to
above address.

If you are interested in Starbuilders catalogue of books, tapes, gifts,
and tools of consciousness, send e-mail request, or visit our web page at
the address above. For a hard-copy brochure "Services and Technolgies,"
please write. 

Editors: Feel free to reprint articles within. Please give the following
credit: "Reprinted from 'The Federation Flash.' To receive a free copy,
e-mail: starbldr@gate.net." (If you want to reprint an article in hard
copy form, please e-mail me for the credit statement.)

********************************************

Starbuilders publishes "The Federation Flash" quarterly. It is written by
Evin and edited by Katrina, for those interested in and dedicated to
living a miraculous life. 
 
We believe that living a miraculous life is the most effective way to
serve God, the Force of Evolution, The-All-That-Is (or whatever you choose
to call it). 

Starbuilders honors all beings dedicated to co-creating Heaven on Earth. 

"Starbuilders" is an outreach projects of the ULC.

**************************************

Introduction to the Winter Issue

Greetings, All! We are explorers of life. We interpret reality through our
mental body which uses pictures of reality to make sense of it all. These
pictures comprise our beliefs, hopes, prejudices, and fears. 

Each picture of reality is like a vector. It directs our life energy in a
particular direction. The sum of all of our pictures equals our Life
Vector. Our Life Vector greatly influences how our life will unfold.

Ironically, most have not scrutinized the basic pictures of their Life
Vector. It is ironic because we can spend most of our time and energy
bouncing around within the walls of our Life Vector without examining the
walls. (Perhaps they can be replaced.) We take them for granted, because
we accept these beliefs usually early in life. They become “just the way
that it is” to us, rather than relative pictures of reality.

In The Federation Flash, we explore many segments of our Life Vector.
Looking critically at elements that we hold sacred is not easy. In fact,
if the cosmic timing isn’t right, we cannot even question that element. We
must be prepared to see (or at least consider) the possibility that the
beliefs we cherish most deeply are relative pictures of reality, and that
other pictures may work equally well in their place. 

At Starbuilders, we are always pushing at the sides of our reality
envelope. Spirit leads us to look deeply. What we discover is sometimes
frightening. "What? This idea that we’ve (and many others) have believed
in for so long might not only be a reality picture of reality, but also
may be false within a new Life Vector?" Gasp! 

We don’t expect you to believe all (or anything) that we share. If you
believe it all, you might become a True Believer. When you become a True
Believer in any belief system, your Life Vector will drive you into walls. 

Stay loose. Enjoy your life. Step by step, live a miraculous life. 


**************************************

Astral Implants: Who, Where, What, Why, and How

Being a point of conscious Light in a human body has its joys and its
charms; it also has its pains. Some of those pains stem from mechanisms
that the Dark Forces have implanted in our non-physical body. We call
these mechanisms "astral implants." (These devices are different from the
third-dimensional alien implants that abductees describe.) 

Who

The Dark Forces - astral entities who are in charge of keeping everyone
miserable - are responsible for manufacturing, implanting, and maintaining
these devices. We each have hundreds of implants stuck to our aura like
evil sand burrs. As Mortal Consciousnesses, we may feel blocked. Yet, we
aren't victims. 

The Bad Guys, in the third- and fourth-dimensional battle between Good and
Evil, use implants because it makes their job easier. For example, instead
of manually watering a lawn every day, you could automate the job by
installing a sprinkler system. Implants do the same; they automate us. 
When triggered, we respond in predictable, robotic ways.

Where

Many habitually believe that the astral plane is "up there" somewhere.
It's not "up there," but right here. That dimension (like all others)
exists at a different phase frequency in the omnipresent Here.

What
  
Implants come in a variety of shapes. Some resemble metallic octopi, whose
stiff, flattened tentacles end in unattractive hooks. Others take the
shape of enormous needles or armor plates. Some look like mechanical
boxes, up to no good. Still others are cork shaped, plugging up areas of
our psyche.

In color, most have a matt-black finish - almost metallic - except ancient
models (that we had accepted in previous incarnations). The latter have
potted, rust-brown surfaces. 

Implants are constructed of fourth-dimensional materials. Our third-
dimensional minds, however, are responsible for interpreting what we see.
It translates data into something it can understand. Because the astral
plane is non-linear, it must translate these incomprehensible phenomena
into *symbols* that it unde rstands. What you think you see, is a mental
interpretation of what you have.

This phenomenon explains why two people can look at an astral object, and
both will give a radically different description. 

Jumping the Dimensional Gap

Some implant archetypes have actually manifested in the material world. In
the Dark Ages, we had the chastity belt. In addition, an ingenious line of
torture instruments, compliments of the Inquisition, wormed their way into
our hearts and minds. As we loosened up, we developed girdles, tight-
fitting shoes, bras, and neck ties. The first of these archetypes
appeared, however, as clothing. 
                                                              
Why Not?

During childhood, we are at a simple and vulnerable stage. Our environment
has only to be *psychically* violent to make us seek help. We seek
protection and acceptance. As our bodies age (experience the illusion of
time), our desires expand. They may now include power, position, sex,
money, and fame. 

Even if we don't verbalize these desires, higher forces hear our pleas.
These forces, though not benevolent, respond. "You want protection? Try on
this armor plate." These dark ornaments are easy to collect.

How do we untangle ourselves from the web that we've co-creatively spun?

How

"Implant-B-Gone (tm)": Implant Removal, In the Privacy of Your Home!

You can remove most implants easily, although some require a little work.
(Occasionally, you may find one that takes a day or so to remove.) The
best times to do this are while you're falling asleep, waking up, watching
tv, or while meditating, although any time will do.

Before clearing your etheric body, you want to guarantee that the dark
legions won't replace the implant (that you've just removed) with another.
To insure this, rescind the vows, oaths, or requests that permitted them
to tag you in the first place. Say, "I'll be clearing implants from my
auric body, now and in the future. Whenever I remove one, I also rescind
all vows, oaths, and requests that I [or anyone else in this body] have
made about that implant." You only need to do this once. Then, begin: 

Technique #1

First, find the little nasties. Feeling depressed or worried? Held back?
Insecure? Angry? Unworthy? Unloved? Whenever you're not living a
miraculous life, an implant may be at work, but not always. (The
fear-based, animal-natural instincts of survival and hierarchy - built
into our earth bodies - can ruin your day without the aid of an implant.) 

Tune into your etheric body. Feel where the stress is coming from - the
stomach, heart, head, throat, legs, or whatever area. 

Next, use your astral vision. Find and remove the device, and beam it up
into the Light. Finally, visualize golden light filling the area. 

Technique #2

You also can do etheric body scans. Starting at the base of the spine, use
your astral fingers to press into your etheric body. Work upwards, inch by
inch, towards the skull. If an area feels pliable, then consider it clear.
If you feel something unnatural, then remove it. Lovingly vaporize it. 

Technique #3

Advanced practicioners can take a "light vacuum" and suck up any number of
carelessly secured mechanisms. 

Little By Little

We can't remove these mechanical pests all at one sitting. Most of us
aren't ready to give up our defenses and strategies all at once anyway.
Energetically, we are in a state of balance. When we remove an implant,
more of our divinity enters our earth bodies. This shifts the energetic
balance. Too great a shift could disorient, overload, or even burn out our
systems - not a good idea. 

We can't detect all implants at once, either. Our bio-computers (brains) 
are other-dimensionally challenged; they work linearly - that's it. In the
astral plane, the Dark Forces can hide implants in Escher-like ways. 
Logical "flatbed" scans can't detect them all. It takes time and many
scans to do this. 

Other Benefits

Remaining conscious while someone is pouncing on your last nerve is a form
of meditating. (Normally, we shut down and go unconscious, robot style.)
This kind of awareness also helps in the Spiritualization of Matter.
*Being conscious of our existential condition changes that condition.*

As you remove these mechanisms, you feel lighter.  As points of conscious
Light, your earth body expands in its ability to embody our light, love,
and wisdom. You consciously serve the Force of Evolution and live more
miraculously. 

................................................


Fantasies and the Dark Side

Disclaimer

I don't usually include disclaimers in my articles. This article, however,
touches two risky areas: fantasies and our dark side. Some call this "The
Left-Hand Way" or, at it's worst, "Crash and Burn." I've been reluctant to
share my ideas about these topics. Here's why. 

First, information about the dark side threatens people, and I don't want
to threaten anyone. Some believe that by ignoring or not believing in the
dark side, it can't have power over them. I don't believe this. Yet, I'm
not encouraging negative thinking. Instead, I believe that a positive
understanding of negativity keeps us balanced.

Second, my emotional body fears that my opinions might alienate others. 
They might judge me: "He talks about the dark side and fantasies. 
Something's not right." I believe, however, that understanding our dark
side allows us to serve the Force of Evolution more fully. Ignorance
leaves gaping blind spots in the overall picture of life. 

Third, some act without much forethought on information that they receive.
Here's a real-life example.

We were counseling someone. She was dealing with many regrets. At the time
of her divorce, she signed a paper that her husband had given her. It gave
him total rights to all her property. I asked her, "Why did you sign it?" 
She said, "Because, I was reading the book 'A Course in Miracles.' It
said, 'Do something you wouldn't ordinarily do,' so I signed the paper." 

Sure, at some level, we're all responsible for our actions. I can't help
think, though, that the author of that book might have a little karma
coming her way. She presented herself as an authority. The woman who
signed the paper was in a vulnerable state, and she acted on the author's
advice.

This made me realize: I need to be clear when giving advice or even
sharing models of reality, especially when talking about fantasies and the
dark side. Earning karma doesn't frighten me. It's unpleasant, though, and
I'd rather not collect it unnecessarily. Therefore, if you use this
information, be sure to consult your spirit. You probably would, anyway,
but just in case.

End of disclaimer.


Fantasies

Loosely speaking, a fantasy is something that you haven't done, but you
really want to do. Fantasies lurk in the background of our consciousness,
slightly resembling an obsession. We harbor regrets.

The Dark Forces can use regrets to manipulate us; regrets grant them
permission to implant astral devices in our aura or mental body. These
devices alter behavior, spurring us to become angry or frustrated with
ourselves, others, or life. They can even change the direction of your
life.

Dreams

Dreams differ from fantasies. They're the I-can-take-it-or-leave-it kind
of desire - like mini-fantasies. Dreams don't have that powerful an
influence over us. ("It would be great to have a swimming pool.") 

Visions

A vision is a picture of reality that spirit puts in your head. You don't
have to push or pursue the vision; it unfolds automatically. Just take
your next step. 

Last Will

Multiple choice: you're on your death-bed. What would you rather be able
to say: (A) "I've done everything I've really wanted to do," or (B) "Whoa,
it's all over?! If only! . . ."?

Choice B has karmic overtones. That soul will probably roam the astral
plane for awhile, tracking unfulfilled desires. Choice A shows a person
ready to move on and explore other probabilities. 

Limits

I put limits on how far I'd go to pursue a fantasy. My limit is "not to
hurt anyone." Because none of my fantasies include hurting anyone, in
this, I am limitless. 

Results

After you fulfill a fantasy, you'll probably be free from it. ("Been
there, done that.") Before, it was tempting, because some (perceived)
authority had forbidden it. Now, it's like yesterday's paper. Conversely,
if it makes your life more miraculous, you might include it in your
lifestyle. It's no big deal.

Dangers

Some fantasies can be psychologically (and sometimes, physically)
addicting. For instance, say your family forbids you to drink alcohol (on
religious principle). Once you leave home, you may go for it and sin.
Because your family convinced you to repress that desire, it may have
grown in power, obsessing you. Obsession is like the polar opposite of
repression; neither is balanced. 

Because of wide-spread moral distortion, unfulfilled sexual fantasies are
common. These create rich layers of guilt, manipulation, and suffering,
making your energy field pregnant with Dark Force influence. 

If you decide to explore these fantasies, but become trapped in that
world, you'll be in hell. Succeed, though, and the Dark Forces will have
less sway over you. (Anti-Puritan crusaders, please note: I'm not saying
sex is bad or dangerous. Rather, becoming addicted or enchanted at that
vibrational level can knock you off your path.) 

Other fantasies are to achieve worldly power, fame, status or their
spiritual counterparts (like the "Guru" and "Best Disciple" syndromes). 

Guarantee?

No one can guarantee that exploring a fantasy will have a happy ending. If
you're dying to skydive, leap from the plane and hope the parachute opens.

We live in a miraculous universe. Spirit can provide the chance to fulfill
our fantasies. We need only to transcend "practical" considerations ("I'm
too old to go to Mecca") and moral consternations ("Wearing lipstick is a
sin") and go for it. 

Sometimes, in the pursuit of our fantasies, however, the most important
point is to know when to quit. In your adventure, if you become hypnotized
or start to lose your will, take that as a warning and get out - quick. 

The Dark Side

Structurally, we all have dark sides: *human bodies are made of "dark" 
material.* This sets us up for a prime paradox: Is your dark side your
friend or your enemy? If your dark side is your friend, then you'll enjoy
being cruel or mean to others. Maybe righteously so. This doesn't
contribute to living a miraculous life. If your dark side is your enemy,
then you'll be fighting yourself, possibly a lot.

If I repress, say, my anger to "fight the darkness," I'm saying to the
universe, "I'm a good person. I'm doing my part, fighting evil. I doing a
good job, no?" This battle, however, feeds the negative force. It gives it
energy. In my head, I might believe that I'm a hero, but the Dark Forces
are having a good laugh at my expense. 

(Warriors of the Light, please note: I'm not promoting apathy. Instead,
I'm suggesting that we can act without becoming polarized, although it's
not always easy. The Dark Forces are masters at manipulating polarity.) 

Many spend their lives trying to solve this diabolical paradox. Like most
paradoxes, however, the way around them isn't to solve them, but to
approach the situation from a different angle.

For example, someone once said, "If you're not for me, you're against me."
This polarizing statement pressures us into choosing a side. Can't you
feel it? Yet alternatives exist.

For instance, you might not be for him, but not against him, either.
Similarly, you might be for him in some instances, but not in others. You
don't have to buy into another's polarities. 

My dark side is neither my friend nor my enemy. I am a point of conscious
Light in a human body. Sometimes, Light moves through me. I experience
Light. At other times, I can act angry, know-it-all, or demanding. I
experience Dark.

In these negative, unpleasant moments, I try not to fight or resist.
Instead, I either stay conscious of the drama, or I use a technology. (If
I'm unconscious, I can't remember to use the technology.) Staying
conscious allows me to understand my situation more clearly.

We aren't admitting defeat by surrendering to the moment (and remaining
conscious). To the contrary, it allows us to act rather than react. We can
be the Wathcher in these moments, as well. 

Finis

There you have it. Fulfill your fantasies and face your dark side. Face it
not like an enemy, but like a small, furry creature (with teeth, claws,
and armor) that you've adopted while on earth. You'll be less vulnerable
to the influences of the Dark Forces. They'll still take shots at you, but
they'll have fewer targets to hit. And you might find that you're living a
more miraculous life.

.................................................................



Constructive Chaos:
The Left Hand of the Force of Evolution

Sometimes, we keep ideas alive that have outlived their usefulness. We do
this usually out of habit, and because it's easy to rely on old patterns.
The more conscious we become, however, the more closely we observe and
question our actions. These questions aren't randomly critical or
destructive (except to obsolete patterns). We check to see if our actions
shine with truth. "If this isn't true, then I'm open to change."

We invite the universe to insert fresh patterns of thought that help us
live more miraculous lives. Acting on them - giving them substance -
forces new realities to emerge. Like this, we are engaging in
"Constructive Chaos." 

Astrologically, if Constructive Chaos is the Left Hand of the Force of
Evolution, then the outer plants - Uranus, Neptune, and Pluto - are three
of its fingers. 

Squeezing Between the Cracks

Spirit-inspired models of reality are entry points for the energy of
Constructive Chaos. These new models pressure us to re-think even our
basic assumptions about what is real. Heresy, anyone?

(Note: Many of us are already heretics in the eyes of our family religion
[and perhaps society in general]. The challenge is to be heretical in our
current belief system. Many haven't detached themselves from being
"spiritually correct." This leaves them at the mercy of their emotional
body's desire for the group to accept them. To some degree, this keeps us
out of integrity.)

That's why authorities and True Believers usually brand visionaries as
evil: Visionaries are true to *their* vision and can't, in good
conscience, go with someone else's flow. In less enlightened times, the
priests or the mob murdered them, usually in the name of the local god or
for "the common good."

To be an efficient agent of Constructive Chaos, you need to understand
that *all* ideas, pictures of reality, models, philosophies, and beliefs
are relative. The mental and emotional bodies, however, don't like this
idea. Their tendency is to say, "This is my picture of reality, and it's
real." It's comfortable.

Gyroscope

When you start to move in a new direction, sometimes you wonder: "Am I
doing the right thing?" If you're in the habit of following your spirit,
then you have no choice; you just do it. (More accurately, spirit does it
through you.) If you're new to Constructive Chaos and following your
spirit, you have to go by the feel of it. ("Hmm . . . Robbing that bank
doesn't feel right. I'll pass.") *Integrity is our internal gyroscope,
guiding us. Don't sell it. It's worth more than many believe.*

The Power of Symbols

Models are symbols, and symbols are powerful.  Here's an experiment. 

"Hey, you - the one who's reading this. You're a total in-the-dark
air-head. You only care about yourself, because you're weak and unworthy." 

What did you feel when you read that? Was anything triggered? On one
level, here's what happened. Your eyes were scanning the screen (or page),
while your brain interpreted the little black lines, curves, and circles
("letters"). It strung the letters into words, converted words into ideas,
and then ideas into a picture of reality. With your mental pen and paper,
you drew a conclusion *based on these SYMBOLS.* The conclusion may have
triggered an emotional response, like anger, indignation, admiration, or
curiosity. (Spoken words, body language, music, film, nature, meditation,
and daydreaming are symbols, as well.)

To some degree, these little symbols shifted or influenced your reality.
*Symbols are the tools of Constructive Chaos.* You are a point of
conscious Light in a human body. 

Relative Reality

Life is the Great Unknown, even at its most placid. When you believe that
you've figured it out, it's a sure sign that you haven't. 

Living in relative reality is, at first, destabilizing. You know that
whatever you believe in today, you may leave behind tomorrow.

Truth-structures are momentary. During these accelerated times, this fact
is most obvious. 

Shifting from one reality to another may temporarily confuse you, until
the next picture of reality takes form. Yet, despite this inconvenience,
living this way supports intellectual and emotional growth. It cracks our
psychological shells, freeing us, and serves the Spiritualization of
Matter. 

Constructive Chaos can be unnerving and is never-ending. Unless we embrace
it, we will suffer, grow old, and die. If we do embrace it, we will still
experience suffering (but maybe less), grow old (but not internally), and
die (but not in fear). On the surface, the two states look similar. But
peek beneath the surface, and you'll see two distinct realities operating: 
one finite, the other eternal.

............................................................................


Curses and Forgiveness

To clean up your dark side thoroughly and keep it healthy, you need to
forgive. Forgiveness removes the grime in your aura that collects whenever
you put a curse on another person. I'm not talking about ritualistic
voo-doo curses or anything so elaborate, but the common, "I-wish-you-the-
worst" variety.

Short-Duration Curses

Sometime in your life, someone will treat you badly, and you'll hate them
for it. You'll wish them harm, if not aloud, to yourself. (If you're
heavily introverted, you can wish harm on yourself.) These juicy energetic
attacks are curses whose energy can linger in your aura, like wolverine
musk. 

You can, however, clear this sharp energy as it arises, if you want to.
After you've blasted the offender, you can say, "I forgive you and me for
this incident." If you can't forgive them, then try to release the energy
somehow, and repeat the forgiveness line again. 

(Some believe that hate is a positive force. Hate is intense anger with a
thorn of evil added. It doesn't contribute to living a miraculous life; it
drains your energy. [You can argue that evil is an illusion, and you'd be
right. But like many illusions, evil manifests, and you have to deal with
it.]) 

Long-Duration Curses

Holding a grudge is the psychic equivalent of a long-term curse. Grudges
create little lumps in the etheric body, like an astral cancer. With the
proper attitude, though, they're easy enough to remove. 

First, mentally scroll through your life, remembering those times when
Uncle Joe treated you like scum and how you hated him. Then, visit
everyone else who didn't understand or support you. Look into the faces of
those who abused you and say, "I forgive you for treating me the way that
you did. I'm not a victim; I'm a point of conscious Light in a human
body." 

Scroll back again, and check if you're holding onto anything. If you are,
tell them what you've always wanted to say - without holding back. Get it
out and get over it. 

Forgiveness

In our tool box for living a miraculous life, forgiveness is like our
hammer. (The part that removes nails. . . .) By mastering forgiveness, we
not only inflict less damage on others, but on ourselves, as well. 

................................................. 


Unconditional Forgiveness

Embodiment

One way to improve the quality of your earth experience is to embody
spiritual principles. Before we explore this, though, let's define a few
ideas. "To improve" means surrendering more to the Force of Evolution. 
Doing this, you become an effective agent of this force. A "spiritual
principle" is a universal law that you can use to live a more miraculous
life. "To embody" something is a process. First, you understand the
principle, then you experience it. Then, after practicing it for awhile,
you incorporate the idea, attitude, and energy into your lifestyle. 

Intent

Whenever you feel drawn to embody a principle, ask your spirit. Say, "I
want this." Call this *intent.* That starts you in the right direction.
Focus on the principle that you want to embody; dive into it, heart first.
Interpret as many events as possible from the new perspective. Do this
until you've digested it, made it part of your lifestyle - like a habit.

What It Is, What It Does 

Unconditional Forgiveness is an other-dimensional energy, an aspect of
grace, that can radiate through you. It forgives and vaporizes sins.
(Although "sins" are illusions, they still manifest and fill the psychic
world with dark tones.)

Unconditional Forgiveness brings peace into the world. It shows that
differences are relative. Whenever this energy moves through us, we
effectively participate in the Spiritualization of Matter. 

On the surface, here's how Unconditional Forgiveness works. You think, "I
don't like this aspect of you, but I don't hold it against you. I also
forgive myself for judging you." This mental forgiveness, however, is only
the thought-thin surface of the process. The real action - the
transmission of the force - happens below the mental platform (although
the emotional body may feel the release that follows the transmission).

Some will pooh-pooh this idea, preferring to believe, "It's all in your
head." They're entitled to their opinion. Yet, you can experience this
force. It does impact the psychic environment. Those who receive the
impact know that something has happened, but they usually don't know what
it is. 

Alignment

To be a generator of Unconditional Forgiveness, align yourself with the
Force, Luke. Initially, use intent. Then, centering yourself, you put
yourself "in the way" of this force. This requires an inner adjustment. No
one can tell you how to do it.

If it wants to use you, it will. If not, you can keep trying or drop it.
(By nagging enough, you might wear down The Guardians of the Gate. Maybe
they'll swing the gate open for you.) 

What It Doesn't Do

It's not realistic to think that in a short time you'll be walking around
being a full-time generator of this force. More in line with earth
reality, you'll run across, say, mind-numbingly incompetent Neanderthals
who will make you furious. (A yin example is energy sucking, professional-
victim vampires. They'll drain you and leave you for dead.)  We can also
include True Believers, emotionally mummified bureaucrats, lawyer
wannabes, and anyone who (apparently) prevents you from getting what you
want. 

You realize that these beings, too, are points of conscious Light in human
bodies. Yet, it can look as if their point of conscious Light went on
vacation somewhere. It can be hard to remain non-judgemental at these
times. Expecting to move little by little towards Universal Forgiveness is
more practical. 

Just One More Experience

Another spiritual principle states: "There is nowhere to go and nothing to
do, except collect experience." From this standpoint, being a generator of
Unconditional Forgiveness is just another experience we can explore. 


................................................. 


Warriors of the Light; Evolutionary Agents; Roles

Warriors

I'm grateful to those who call themselves "Warriors of the Light." They
battle the Dark Forces. They might even swat one of the bad guys who's
been bothering me.

At times, I wonder, "Shouldn't I be helping? Shouldn't I be doing my part
in the battle against evil?" I feel a bit guilty. Yet, I realize that
that's not my job. As Lightworkers, we've incarnated down here on this
primitive planet to do a job of planetary proportions. 

If we were contracting to build, say, a house, we'd be inefficient if we
hired only electricians. Who would be responsible for the carpentry? But
we're professionals laying the groundwork for a new civilization. The job
calls for a variety of roles, skills, and energies. We each have our part
to play. (In the New Civilization, we base our actions on love instead of
fear. Everyone lives a miraculous life.)

I don't envy the Warrior's work. They can send truckloads of those
up-to-no-good astral trolls to the Light. However, the nature of the
third- and fourth-dimensional realms is one of polarity. *No matter how
many of Them you defeat, more will always appear.* Ironically, in this
light, the demons spring up, because *Warriors of the Light exist!* (and
visa versa). The existence of one implies the existence of the other. In
the third and fourth dimensions, that's the way the Universe operates. If
you embody one side of the coin, someone will embody the other.

We have a paradox here: We need the role of Warrior, yet we might be
better off without it. Living in a polarized dimension, however, subjects
all roles to this dilemma. Whatever role we choose to play, someone will
act the opposite way. We're all in the same dimensional boat. (Good
intentions, the force of will, or magic won't determine who will win the
battle between good and evil. Only a miracle will resolve this struggle.
If we believe this, we can lighten up a bit in our Lightworker roles.) 

Agents

So, what's a point of conscious Light in a human body to do? I've tried on
the role of Evolutionary Agent. Sometimes I run across a dark master (or
minion). If I can catch him, I send him into the Light. Otherwise, I serve
the Force of Evolution - an aspect of my tenth-dimensional self - by
living a miraculous life. I invite miracles to manifest through me. This
allows the Force of Evolution to use my human nature more effectively,
making me instrumental in the Spiritualization of Matter. 

What's the drawback of this role? Evolutionary Agents evoke devolutionary
agents, imply mortal, unmiraculous lives and theMaterialization of Spirit.
Oh, well; no roles are perfect. 

Roles

From an eternal perspective, there's nowhere to go and nothing to do,
except collect experience. Cosmically, roles (both positive and negative)
are transient vehicles for spirit to collect experience.

One way to collect experience is to follow your spirit and stay in your
integrity. This makes you become like water, taking the path least
resistance. (Lying is resistance to your truth.) By being true to yourself
- truly yourself - you move with grace and balance. You stay within your
power and become normal (which evokes abnormals [who believe that they are
normal]). 

Some might ask, "But who's to say what's normal?" This is a normal
question. Your true self is normal. It knows that it is beyond the role
paradox, yet it plays its part. The more we know that we aren't our roles,
the more we can play them without over energizing their negative
counterparts. Internally still, we watch and participate in the real-life
drama that is unfolding as it should. 

............................................


The Two Faces of Divinity

We can assume many identities. As individuals, our highest identity is our
tenth-dimensional self, the I AM. (See Issue #32 of "The Federation Flash"
for more details about this dimensional model.) At this level, we are
spirit - formless architects of the universe. Inherent in our spiritual
nature, however, is a paradox. We are individuals, yet we are seamlessly
one with all. 

Cosmic Consciousness

As an individual consciousness in the tenth dimension, we are Christed
beings. (We call it "Christed," because Christ identified Himself as a
tenth-dimensional being.) When we embody this state while in human form,
we are the Watcher. Classically, this state is "Cosmic Consciousness."

After sustaining Cosmic Consciousness for awhile, we transform into the
next state, "Unity Consciousness." 

Unity Consciousness

"Unity Consciousness" is the state where we watch through the eyes of
others, as well. We are one with all. At this level, we are as "home" as
we can get (without having the universe jump back to Source). 

Struggle and the Descent of Divinity

Neither suffering, struggle, nor work will force our Divinity to descend
into our mortal consciousness. These experiences happen along the way. 

By surrendering to spirit, the descent of spirit happens more easily. Some
believe that surrendering to spirit is an escape, a loss of free will, or
a sign of weakness. Yet, we can discover a new kind of power through
surrender. Because the power of the Force of Evolution flows through us,
we become Evolutionary Agents. Living miraculous lives, we sparkle.

Conclusion

Tenth-dimensionally, we are individuals, yet seamlessly one with all.  We
*are* the paradox. We can experience both sides of the paradox while in
human bodies. Embodying either of these states powerfully supports the
Spiritualization of Matter.

In Cosmic Consciousness, we keep our individual identity, but don't
identify with form. In Unity Consciousness, the individual *is* the
collective; we do identify with form.

(When Unity Consciousness identifies itself with form, it does so from a
[relatively] limitless perspective. The tenth-dimensional being is the
creator of the universe, forms included. When Mortal Consciousness
identifies itself with form, it does so from the isolated, polarized
perspective.)

"I am a point of conscious Light in a human body" reflects the identity of
Cosmic Consciousness. This state is inherent in everyone you see. Look
into a mirror. Your destiny awaits. 

..........................................


The Neo-Sabbath 

I'd like to share a practice that I've recently adopted/adapted. Although
not an express ticket to Nirvana, it has many subtle, positive effects,
like encouraging gratitude. I call this experiment Honoring the Neo-
Sabbath.

The Jews observe Saturday as the traditional Sabbath. Christians have
chosen Sunday as their day of rest (wash the car, mow the lawn?). Both
groups respect the Sabbath, because the Bible says "on the seventh day God
rested." If God did it, then so should we, right?

To start this practice, you choose what day you want the Neo-Sabbath to
be. (The "seventh day" after the Big Bang wasn't a Saturday or a Sunday.)
I picked Sunday, because they close the Post Office on that day, plus my
background is Christian. 

After you've chosen a Neo-Sabbath, say to the world, "On this day I won't
work. Instead, expect me to break my daily routines. I won't turn on the
computer, cook meals, clean the house, or answer the phone. I'll take
luxurious baths, read [but nothing heavy], and focus my attention on the
children [until it becomes work]. Maybe I'll fast or feast. If I feel like
it, I'll listen to beautiful music, play games, entertain myself with tv
[no news], or eat at a restaurant. Maybe I'll be blatantly lazy [but wit h
finesse] and lay in bed all day. Today is my pampered, chill-out day."

(That's what I said to the world. It reflects my preferences; your
declaration reflects yours.)  You may have noticed that I didn't list any
traditional religious activities. As a spiritual (as opposed to a
religious) being, I contemplate God and consciousness every day of the
week. Besides, on the "seventh day," God didn't do religious activities.
He rested, right? 

I've mentioned this practice to several people in passing. Their unanimous
response has been, "If only! . . ." I don't believe, however, that resting
one day a week is asking too much of the universe. The Neo-Sabbath is
great therapy, like a psychophysioemotional massage. Enjoy your life. 

.....................................


Science Alert!

"“What does it mean to have physical contact? What exactly is happening
when you pick up a knife, or push a swing, or make a wave in a waterbed by
pressing down on it periodically? When we investigate deeply, we find that
there is no physical contact. Instead, the electrical charges on your hand
are influencing the electrical charges on the knife or swing or waterbed,
and visa versa. Despite everyday experience and common sense, even here,
there is only the interaction of electric fields. Nothing is touching
anything."”

Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World

.......................................

<Finis>

And live a miraculous life!
