The FEDERATION FLASH 
“Exploring the Frontiers of 
Miraculous Probability”
Issue #38; Autumn 1997

Published by 
Starbuilders
P.O. Box 220964
Hollywood, FL  33022-0964
USA

Internet e-mail: starbldr@gate.net
WWW: http://www.lightwork.dk/Starbuilders
Fax: (954) 927-7659

************ 

Starbuilders publishes "The Federation Flash" quarterly. It is written by
Evin and edited by Katrina, for those interested in and dedicated to
living a miraculous life.

Subscriptions: Send e-mail saying "Subscribe."    

Starbuilders honors all beings dedicated to co-creating Heaven on Earth.  

"Starbuilders" and "IROOT:NOT" are outreach projects of the ULC.

************

Early e-versions of "The Federation Flash" are available free at our web
page. Hard copies (and hard copy subscriptions) are available for a
donation. Send request to the above address. 

Editors: Feel free to reprint articles within. 

For e-articles, please give the following credit: "Reprinted from 'The
Federation Flash.' To receive a free copy, e-mail: starbldr@gate.net." 

For hard-copy articles, please use the PO Box address.

*************

In this issue:

* The Metastatic Subsystem

* Amorality

* IROOT:NOT - Update #1

* Unconditional Salvation

* The End

* Time

* The Choice

* True-Self Shell Game

..........................................................
..........................................................


The Metastatic Subsystem

We are all True Believers whether we want to be or not. We believe that
our pictures of reality are true and objective. Unfortunately, all beliefs
are subjective. The "I-know-how-it-is" compulsion is an inherent quirk of
the ego. We can't kill the ego and still expect to remain functional as a
human being. As a result, many float through life in fanciful mind-
bubbles. Although we lack a cure for this mental malady, we can learn to
balance ourselves while inside of these slippery, irregular spheres. 

Why are beliefs hallucinations? They are mental interpretations of reality
- thought threads spun together forming a web. Falling asleep, we become
entangled in our own kaleidoscopic reality net. We can view this in a more
concrete way. It's like confusing the menu for the food and eating it. No
wonder we're hungry! 

By definition, you can't prove beliefs. If you can, then they're not
beliefs anymore; they become facts. You can prove facts by experiment.
(The Truth, however, is greater than the sum of all facts in the
universe.) 

For instance, the world is round - fact. However, in 1993, Sheik
Abdel-Aziz Ibn Baaz, the chief religious authority in Saudi Arabia, issued
an edict. It stated that the world is flat. (The Koran says so.) If the
Sheik were to take a world cruise, eventually he'd fall off the edge,
right? Yet, others have been circumnavigating the globe for the last
several centuries. This makes you wonder. "Hmm. . . . I thought our
beliefs create our reality." But, what if the belief isn't in touch with
the facts?

At least one drawback exists in True Believerism. Practitioners are
*certain* that they know The Truth. The Truth, however, is a living
entity. It is the formless spirit of God. No one can possess this. We are
floating in our mind bubble when we claim to do so. Our hallucinations
appear so vivid, because the universe rearranges itself to accommodate our
picture of reality. Life conforms to our picture of reality like a glove
pulled tightly over our head. In our mind, it confirms that we are right.

This tight fit between the universe and your beliefs has consequences. If
someone contradicts your beliefs, it feels as if they are attacking *you*.
Naturally, we pick like-minded people for friends. Then, we don't have to
deal with the problems posed by heretics. 

Beliefs

In the New Age, the idea "we create our own reality" runs rampant. This
model proposes that wrong beliefs cause dysfunctional realities. If this
theory is true, then it becomes very important to find the *right* belief
system. After all, your reality and quality of life depend on it. No
wonder people defend (often to the point of offending) their beliefs so
staunchly. Conversely, you may not believe that you can climb a mountain.
You go, however, and climb it a bit. Soon, to your surprise, you're on
top! 

Just how influential are beliefs? We've seen that the earth doesn't
suddenly become flat just because some of its creatures have decided that
it is. How about the ancient teaching that the earth rests on a giant
tortoise? Many other examples confirm that facts beat beliefs every time,
at least empirically. 

The Dali Lama demonstrated an understanding of this principle. During an
interview, a prominent scientist asked the religious leader a question.
Would he, the scientist asked, denounce the Eastern belief of
reincarnation if science proved it to be false? The Dali Lama thought a
moment. He smiled and answered, Yes, he would. 

How about not believing in God? To most religious people, atheism is
unthinkable - the worst possible notion. They have two reasons for this.
First, God demands that we believe in certain things. Second, we must be
imbued with the fear of God. If not, we would abandon our morals. 

For the first, let's say God demands that we believe in Him. Usually, He
extends this command to include His prophets, His Son, or one of His
various incarnations. Those who don't believe, must pay. God will banish
them to hell, or they'll reincarnate as demented wart hogs. The threat of
such severe punishment persuades many to believe. After all, who wants to
risk riling a potentially angry God? This perspective, however, assumes
that He does not love His creation unconditionally. Punishing someone for
"not doing it right" isn't an aspect of unconditional love. 

We wonder, "Here we are, on earth. We have brains that think linearly and
can never figure out The Answer. Life is a paradox. Everywhere you look,
you can see suffering and injustice. And God allows this, when He could
make everything right in a moment? Even if God doesn't love us
unconditionally, you'd think he would give us *some* slack for living
here, maybe even a medal!" 

The second reason - moral decline - implies that religious people are more
moral, less dangerous to the community. This is true, generally. Much,
though, depends on the nature of the religious group. For instance, mix a
batch of Israeli zealots with a portion of Muslim fundamentalists, and
watch the fireworks explode. (Any two groups with deeply held, conflicting
beliefs will do.) Theists can be as dangerous to themselves and to the
community as any atheist. 

True Believers

True Believerism exists even in the Teacher/Student relationship. Here, we
have the Seeker of Truth and Teacher of Truth. Supposedly, the Teacher
knows The Answer. The Seeker, we would imagine, doesn't know The Answer.
Yet, the Seeker is a True Believer, as well.

For instance, say a Seeker is studying reincarnation. She's new to the
teaching. Say someone approached her and said, "Reincarnation isn't
necessarily true. It's a theology that developed in cultures with an
Indo-European root." She won't accept this new information. She's studying
reincarnation because *she already believes that it's true. What she wants
is more information on the subject.* She's already a True Believer. 

True Believerism has an ossifying effect. Although you can gain knowledge
about the system you are studying, the tendency is to become rigid. You
take your opinions too seriously. The first casualty is usually your sense
of humor. Do you imagine that your beliefs (or lack of them) can derail
the Divine Plan or somehow hurt God or others? 

Impact

This leads us to another question: Just how important are beliefs? Beliefs
are tools. We use them to explore life. If we become attached to them and
try to force them on others, we can easily become obnoxious. Sharing your
truth, you are "direct." When so meone shares an opposing view, they are
"negative" or "deluded." The emotions jump in and then we really become
estranged. Although nature forces us to believe that mind bubbles are
reality, by remembering that we are in the grips of a temporal illusion,
we won't act like sub-beasts. (Lions don't care what you believe.)

Here are two situations. Which is worse? (1) You are surrounded by a dozen
angry atheists, all thinking bad thoughts about you. You then walk away,
unharmed. (2) A child approaches you and playfully smashes you in the head
with a brick. The moral: Beliefs don't hurt others; actions hurt. Beliefs
don't help others; actions help. 

Using the Metastatic Subsystem

IROOT:NOTics (TM), the quasi-esoteric system in service to the Force of
Evolution, uses paradoxes as tools. (See The Federation Flash, Issue # 37
for a transcription of the IROOT:NOT Clay Tablet [BM 156978], send
e-mail.) Part of mastering paradoxes consists of *knowing that everybody,
including yourself, is totally clueless about The Answer*.

To find The Answer, people sometimes follow the beliefs of another,
because the system is steeped in tradition. Alternatively, maybe the
leader has invented a clever system that makes sense *within the confines
of the systems' parameters*. (Of course, IROOT:NOT is an exception to
these rules.) 

IROOT:NOTians, however, *know* that they don't have a clue, that beliefs
are thought experiments. They play along, because human nature demands
that they *believe that they not only have a clue, but must have The
Answer* too. In response, some IROOT:NOTians say,

"I am [a willing puppet of] the Truth, [an unworthy lens of] the Light,
and [another] Way."

They walk the line, daring the universe to unfold in more amazing and
miraculous ways. By staying in their integrity, they remain in balance. 
You can do this with your identity, as well. Here's an example. I can say
with relative ease and confidence, "I am a human being." Yes, that's a
fact. I also can say,

"I am Evin, the Unsavior. This is my truer identity. As the Unsavior, I am
a seventh-dimensional consciousness - a living ur-fractal - projecting my
consciousness into this body. Non-verifiable logic supports my position. 
Others may perceive me in this role as a profit, a demon, a brother, a
teacher, or simply insane (or other things). Yet, in a blink, I'm human
again. I am an expression of the same Great One as you are. In this way,
we are *exactly* alike." 

What you *do* reveals much more than what you believe. The Metastatic
Subsystem is, in part, the habitual practice of using *all beliefs* as
stepping stones. We use these stones to cross the river of uncertainty. 
They lead us to the shores of our worthy goals, which themselves are
beliefs.

The next time you take a step, remember the Second Miraculodynamic
Principle: "Happiness and kindness are more important than beliefs." 

..............................................

Amorality

Most people instinctively equate being amoral with being immoral. These
two moral standards, however, are radically different. Being moral usually
means that you've adopted a code of behavior. This code prescribes what is
right and what is wrong. Naturally, you want others to follow these rules,
making you judgmental.

Morality is a result of cultural, religious, and archetypal influences
and, therefore, is relative. Even the Major Moral Tenet "Thou Shalt Not
Kill" can become irrelevant. When your leader says, "God says to kill the
infidel," many do so with zeal. ("National security" works well, too.) 
Realizing that morality is relative shifts your perception, and you begin
to discover new ways of relating to yourself and others. You become less
judgmental and more tolerant.

IROOT:NOTics employs the *amoral* code, because it allows a broad response
to the promptings of spirit.  IROOT:NOTians assimilate amorality, and it
becomes another one of their subsystems. (Subsystems are psychological
grids. They work on the subconscious level.)

These rapidly mutating - yet somehow stable - subsystems act as efficient
gyroscopes of divinity, because practicing IROOT:NOTics leads to a
*synthesis of paradox*. This includes the paradox of right and wrong. 
IROOT:NOTian masters ("MORPHs" - Master Of ROOT:NOTian Paradoxical
Harmonics) use amorality for the highest relative good, while avoiding
unnecessary mental contortions. 

Acting from an amoral position demands a solid foundation of
responsibility and integrity; without it, chaos rules. Incidentally,
"chaos and order" is another paradox that IROOT:NOTics synthesizes. 

The secret of mastering chaos and order is easy: (1) stay loose in order,
and (2) stay ordered in chaos. Remember that both states will pass. If
being happy is important, then the Big Trick is staying centered during
change. 

..............................................

IROOT:NOT: Update #1

Maybe you've seen the movie "Alien" or another one of that genre: An alien
seed develops inside its human host - gross! When its time to be born, the
monster rips open the host's chest and leaps out. The host dies. 

Imagine a positive version of that story. Imagine a benevolent Force
incubating inside a host. When that Force is "born," it doesn't kill the
host. Instead, it miraculously transforms the oblivious human. The Force
is like a living kaleidoscope of energy, vaporizing veils, hurling the
host into undreamed of places of consciousness. This has been my
experience with the birth of IROOT:NOT. 

I published the "IROOT:NOTics Pre-Ramble" back in January of this year and
received a variety of comments. Many called it a joke. Others thought it
was a parody. A few said that I plagiarized it, one said I was "mocking
theists," and another said that I was intoxicated. A few thought there was
something to it, and fewer still said I was insane. Call me naive, but
besides the "something to it" remark, the other responses surprised me. 

At first, I was clueless about the nature of The Force. It was, however,
obviously productive. A lengthy list of unique "Products" flooded from my
mind onto the computer screen. (No animal testing.) Non-accredited Courses
were, without warning, offered to an unsuspecting public. I fearlessly
published it all, having full faith (sort of) that The Force - whatever it
was - knew what it was doing. I wondered, "What is 'Instant Karma Rinse'
and 'Fear Removal Powder'? How am I going to deliver these none-of-a- kind
goods?" The Force was tightlipped. 

In about a month, IROOT:NOTians appeared on three continents and began
anchoring The Force. Orders began dribbling in.

I suddenly knew that "Instant Karma Rinse" was water that the Force has
energetically charged. "Fear Removal Power" was the powdered form of a
mineral *known for its fear clearing properties*! Wow! I had them all
along! The concept of these Products existed in pre-form, waiting
anxiously for IROOT:NOTians to call them into being. (Please allow 4-6
weeks for delivery.)

IROOT:NOTian "Courses" developed effortlessly. For instance, the
"Professor of IROOT:NOTics" ("IROOT:NOTics 101)" explains the many axioms,
principles, and definitions of this new movement of consciousness. The
"Doctor of IROOT:NOTics" carries the esoteric messages of the movement. 
Like a real-life anti-virus program, it disassembles alien viruses. In
addition, it restores corrupted transbrain thought clusters to their
pristine form. These clusters are then quietly updated in the background -
while you sleep!

The Titles that we offer reveal much about the people who order them. Our
ever-popular "Mystic Scientist" implies a fragrant blend of mysticism and
rational thinking. "The Unsavior" involves self-responsibility and
surrender. Unlike most titles, though, you can't invest much ego in these.
I don't go around saying, "Hi, I'm Evin, The Unsavior. Whuz happnin?" I
only bear this Title when The Force uses me. Although a Title reflects
mostly internal realities, they do affect our "real world"  experience, as
well. Who these Titles say we are, is only a small (but luminous) facet
of our wholeness.

I've been analyzing the energetic effects of this energy vector (The
Force). It sears paradoxes as nonchalantly as a chef sears shrimp. Its
energy parallels that of the Hindu god, Kali. Sure, it will rip your
pictures of reality to shreds, but it will slice them gracefully,
mercifully. (We are dealing with refined alchemy.) You can almost hear it
whisper, "Kamaishana."

Sometimes, IROOT:NOTian energy is difficult to handle. That's because it
handles YOU, and not the other way around. ("But I like to be in control!"
"Buy a dog!") You can, however, understand its quasi-esoteric nature by
using a metaphysical version of the Uncertainty Principle.

Just when you think that you've finally figured it out, The Force pulls
the floor out from under you. You're in free fall - VOID DIVING again.
(You're really falling upward.) You say, "Hmmm. . . " or "Ahhhh!!!" Now
you have to find a new balance. In a short time, though, you align
yourself with The Force, creating cosmic ripples. These ripples transform
into a polished, hardwood floor of reality that supports you
psychologically. You don't have to sacrifice your integrity and become a
True Believer in so me half-baked group ideal! (IROOT:NOT is toasted to a
golden perfection. . . .) 

I realized that IROOT:NOTics contains an innate anti-True Believer
mechanism. How can anyone be a True Believer in something as . . . as . .
. well, tongue-in-cheekish as this? (A couple of Products are a part of
this mechanism.) 

IROOT:NOT has a life independent of it's co-creator (me). Like an angel
with rainbow wings, it sprays cosmic graffiti inside my rapidly emptying
head. Is the angel sharing cosmic secrets with me, or is it coaxing me to
waddle so far into the Mystery that I'll never find my way out?!?

Regarding the Mystery, some IROOT:NOTians believe that WE'RE ALREADY IN
OVER OUR HEADS. Being lost in it is natural. Humans see everything upside
down anyway. 

............................................

Unconditional Salvation

In our book, "The Ascension of the Planetary Consciousness,*" we described
how Earth's ascension will be unique. This event will mark *the first
unconditional ascension in the history of the universe*. Unconditional
salvation is a downscaled, individual version of the Unconditional
Ascension. It's based on the IROOT:NOTian belief that we are "Pre-Saved."

What We Have Now

Our culture offers us three broad categories of salvation. The first
category is religious. In the West, they say that if you follow God's
rules and believe in the True Prophet, then you are saved. The
insurmountable drawback is that no one agrees on the rules or even who the
True Prophet is. In the East, they offer reincarnation as the slow road to
salvation. If you can "get it right," then you've saved yourself; you
won't have to be born again. 

The second category is scientific. Most scientists don't believe in
salvation, because they tend to be atheists. Some scientists, though,
believe that humanity might one day travel through an interdimensional
wormhole and arrive in another universe. Humanity will escape the end of
our universe by moving to a new one. (It's all about survival.)

The third category is political. The Communists see salvation as surrender
to the state. 

Shift

Neither Western religions, Eastern politics, nor accurate but dry science
satisfied the new crop of Lightworkers who were budding like dandelions in
spring. They eagerly embraced the more colorful - and some say, more
reasonable - stories of Eastern religion and philosophy. By doing so,
however, these seekers assumed different burdens. They must now live
countless earth lives. They must juggle a karmic debt system that's even
more impossible to balance than the national budget.

Another Possibility

In contrast to the above categories (and to the Futilitarian's "What's the
Use" philosophy), IROOT:NOT offers Unconditional Salvation, and YOU DON'T
EVEN HAVE TO JOIN THE MOVEMENT to get it! Resistance is useless! The model
is simple, and simple is good. Part I of The Third Miraculodynamic Axiom
sums it up:

"When you die, your divine consciousness unconditionally merges with the
One." 

This simple axiom will draw moral fire. It shouts the idea that God loves
and accepts everyone unconditionally. God must realize that we're all in
the human bodies, chock full of limitations. Psychologically, we're
riddled with paradoxes, and many have traumatic scars.

Someone can always counter any idea we have with an equally valid point of
view. Even reasonable, devoted people must consider for a moment the
possibility that God doesn't exist.

For instance, why does He allow all of this suffering? Even the most
devout believer must ask this question. It's as if Nature has crucified us
to a Suffering Template.  

Sure, we can explain this a couple of ways. He wants to "test our faith" 
or "let us learn lessons." But if He's so . . .  so . . . BIG about
everything, then why would He need to test our faith?  Being omniscient,
He already knows whether we'd be faithful or not. Does He like to see His
minuscule creatures squirm? Or "to learn lessons": We have to suffer - for
many lifetimes - just to learn something? Why doesn't He just tell us what
"it" is in the first place! (Because we'd miss all the painful learning
experiences?) 

An Experiment

For many IROOT:NOTians, all of this - life, the universe, and everything -
is an experiment. Stumbling through countless lifetimes trying to find The
Answer is unnecessary. This endless search for The Answer is SOMEBODY
ELSE'S IDEA! Bungling through one lifetime is enough.

If you think about it, throughout history, great minds from all cultures
have struggled to find The Answer. (Some have even claimed that THEY are
The Answer.) Yet, whenever two people agree on what It is, they inevitably
interpret it differently. What's worse, while you're in Search Mode
(trying to find It), you usually create an additional layer of suffering. 
YOU BELIEVE THAT YOU MUST FIND IT TO BE HAPPY!

IROOT:NOTians are quick (but cautious) to observe that The Answer PROBABLY
DOESN'T EXIST! We've been spending at least part of our lives LOOKING,
when EXPERIMENTING might have been less painful, more fun, and at least
more holistic. 

Have you ever noticed that when you stop trying to get something or are
indifferent towards it, the universe often drops it in your lap? Try
saying, "Ah, who cares about the stupid Answer anyway" (and meaning it in
a non-sarcastic way). Maybe The Answer (if it exists) will pop into your
brain while you're brushing your teeth. 

As Evin, The Unsavior, I want to share this thought with you. It's neither
a threat, a promise, nor a command. At best, it's like an angel's feather
tickling your imagination. At worst, it could trigger a judgment program.
In the middle somewhere, it will mean nothing.

"You are Pre-Saved. When you die, you will fully experience your God Self,
even if you've been a bad boy (or girl) in this life."

If you accept this option, you might ask yourself "What's next?" Being
"Pre-Saved" is an idea, like "needing to be saved" and "balancing your
karma." Ideas are something to experiment with, until you've found The
Answer. 

By the way, Part II of The Third Miraculodynamic Axiom states:

"When you [as a human] die, you stop hallucinating and remember that you
are the One." 

.....................................................


The End  

The way that you perceive the End of the World (or of the Universe)
reveals something about how you live. It will subtly influence your
present. 

Many End Times stories are floating around the mental plane like tall,
gray-bottomed clouds. We have the Ascension, the Second Coming, the Big
Crunch, the Big Chill, and other creative Tales of the Unknown. 

Completion 

Most of these stories assume that the universe must *complete some sort of
cycle*. We start with the Big Bang (or whatever version of creation you
prefer) and try to predict the End using the logic inherent in that
particular story.

Completion, however, may be something that humans invented. For instance,
is a life complete when one dies? Some say Yes, others say No. Does a year
end on December 31, or on the day before the Spring Equinox or Yom Kippur?
These divisions are man-made. 

If we hear the musical scale "Do-Re-Me-Fa-So-La-Ti . . .," we *need* to
hear the complete octave. Where's the "Do"? We have this compulsion,
because completion signifies order, and order makes direction - the
"what's next?" - more clear (like a Twelve Step program). The First
Miraculodynamic Axiom, however, states something different: 

"There is nowhere to go and nothing to do, but we go there and do it
anyway."

Direction springs spontaneously from the Eternal Now, from either order
*or* chaos. The axiom further implies that HERE is our destination, the
end of all direction. *Completion already IS*; we just *think* that it's
something else. (When feeling miserable, no one wants to hear "completion
IS.")

Alternative Stories

For theists, Creation was an act of divine intervention. No one can guess
why God chose that particular moment to do the deed. Like the Beginning,
the End could be an act of divine intervention, as well.

What about this: One day, the Creator, in Its Divine wisdom, decides that
it’s time to end the universe. Poof! Without notice, the universe abruptly
ends. No more no more, just like that. 

The idea of the universe "just ending" is intriguing. You must focus your
attention on the moment instead of on some far off time that doesn't
affect you existentially. 

The universe is like a far flung dream; we are its living fabric. You
never know, however, when the dreamer will awaken. 

...............................................


Time

The wizard, Haggard, was roaming a North African shore with a few friends
and followers. A young child with striking hazel eyes tugged at the
wizard's cloak. Looking up, she asked, "Master, what is time?" 

Haggard was silent for a moment. He then bent down on one knee and scooped
up a handful of sparkling white sand. Holding it out for everyone to see,
he said, "This is time." As he spoke, the wind from the sea scattered the
white grains everywhere until his hand was again empty. "It is subject to
different forces. The time of your life is like the sand - it is yours for
a moment and then it is gone. At once, time is both magical and terrible."

Hazel eyes became uncomfortable and anxiously asked, "But can't we hold
onto it more tightly?" The wizard shook his head slowly and said, "It is
not for us to hold; but not to worry. Time is like the breath of God,
allowing this life to be. It turns us every which way. For now, your
memory is your map of time. A point, though, exists beyond the edges of
your map. When you go there, you will know the secret of time. You will
know that it is not a secret at all, because secrets can be revealed.

"My child, time is like the face of an unusual clock and we are its
hands." 

With that, he took the little one by the hand. They continued walking,
picking up shells, feeling the wind on their faces. 

From "The Book of Words" 

..........................................

The Choice

Some say that it's God who gives us the ability to ask questions. Others
say that the evolutionary process is responsible. Maybe both (or neither)
are the cause. Regardless, humans ask questions. Eventually, some ask The
Most Important Religious Question: Does God exist. If He (She, It) does
exist, then He shouldn't mind us asking. With all the suffering in the
world, any thinking person must wonder. If He doesn't exist, then the
point is moot. 

The following model briefly sketches the characteristics of belief and
disbelief in God. Like any model, it is an idea painted in words. The
colors on the palette are observations, prejudices, preferences, insights,
experience, and speculation. Like any painting, it is not the subject
itself, but an individual interpretation of it. 

Belief and disbelief in God - theism and atheism - each has two levels of
understanding and action. Let's call these levels 2D and 3D theism and
atheism. The 2D varieties are either narrow minded or open and accepting.
The 3D varieties are well balanced, a least in the area of religion. 

2D Theists

When growing up, you learn about your religion and the nature of God. 
These ideas stem from Books. Each claim to be the Word of God and tells
you how to live. You learn that *your* belief is right and, consequently
(either implied or overt), that the others are wrong. These moral
teachings have a positive place in society, if not taken to extremes or
forced on others.

At this stage, you'll find very devoted religious people. They are a
credit to their community and are very congenial. Also you'll find those
who approach their beliefs in an intense and sometimes twisted way. They
can add friction to their surroundings.


In the later stages, you learn the dynamics of your religion and how it
relates to others. When comparing your religion to others, however, you
rarely raise the possibility that God might not exist. Religion is not
about *if* He exists, but about *His nature and expectations*. For
instance, you might not believe that He is an old man with a white beard,
or that He sits on a throne in the clouds. Instead, He may be a Light, an
Energy, or whatever, but you don't question His existence. 

2D Atheists

When the first stages of indoctrination have been completed, some of the
flock have questions. Some question the miracles. Others question the idea
of a God who allows suffering and injustice. Still others question the
discrepancy between religious dogma and scientific fact. ("You want me to
believe that the earth is flat?," or "The world is only 6,000 years old?")
They base their atheism *on their opposition to the arguments that He does
exist. (Many theists make the mistake of trying to prove that God e xists,
when empirically, this can't be done.) 

Some 2D atheists are theist bashers. Naturally, 2D theists fight back (and
visa versa). They interact, forming a highly charged polarity - enemy
consciousness. 

3D Atheists and Theists

If you are open and interested, you begin to explore a variety of systems
- comparative religion, anthropology, science, metaphysics, history,
philosophy, or whatever.

You begin to realize that humanity's understanding of almost everything is
relative. (Science can produce useful facts within its framework, but
doesn't work with metaphysical subjects - especially God. We lack tools to
measure Him.) You start to see the polarizing effect of "theism versus
atheism" (and of all duality). 

You reach a point when you must *consciously* choose: Is there a God or
isn't there? This kind of deciding is more a gut feeling than a hobbling
leap of pre-programmed faith or disgruntled disbelief.

The 3D atheist chooses to disbelieve, because atheism makes more sense to
her. (Not because she is against the illogic of religious doctrine.) A 3D
atheist accepts theists; she knows that she could be wrong - God might
exist. No one can prove that He doesn't.

The 3D theist chooses to believe, because theism makes more sense to her.
(Not because religious doctrine convinces her. "You can't fit God in a
book.") God is about spirit, not religion. A 3D theist accepts atheists.
She knows that she could be wrong - God might not exist. She has a gut
feeling, though, that He does exist. 

Three-D-ers don't try to convert others. "Others" aren't the enemy. The
idea of manipulating others in this way is absurd, or at least out of
integrity. Belief or disbelief is a choice. If God is unconditional love,
then He will forgive those who don't believe in Him. (If He won't, then He
is not unconditional love.) More accurately, He would not condemn
disbelievers in the first place; forgiveness is unnecessary. Passionate
arguments will never win over True Believers or True Disbelievers. When
you make The Choice, you base your decision on your internal sense of
things.

Conclusion

Life is choices. The dead have none. Some people don't have an interest in
God and don't have to deal with The Choice. Others, however, do have an
interest. When you find yourself on the precipice ready to make The
Choice, you may find that after you've decided, that it's just another
choice. 

..............................................

The True-Self Shell Game

What does the term "true self" mean? For most, it means one's essence.
Currently, there exist at least eight models describing the true self.
These models are The Individual Soul, The Body, Humanity +, An Illusion,
God, A Projection, One Soul, and Dohno. Models that describe the true self
are useful. They offer a framework to help you become a better person in
some way. A disadvantage is that they can trick you into thinking that
you're "special." Most define the "false self" - the nemesis of the true
self - as either the ego or the physical body. 

Models are *pictures* of reality. However, something happens when you
believe in them. They become real - to you. (Believing that your picture
is real and that all others are false is normal. This quirk is a natural
but peculiar function of the human mind.) Although no models are flawless,
True Believers will try to convince you otherwise about theirs.

People usually label "false doctrines" (beliefs other than their own) as
anything from "superstition" to "works of the devil." Ironically, one day
you may "wake up" and "see the Truth." Your old model, the one that you've
relied on, suddenly looks like antiquated false doctrine.

What other advantages and disadvantages do these models offer? Are there
consequences for disbelief? What follows are brief sketches of these
systems. 


1. THE INDIVIDUAL SOUL

In many Eastern and Western religions, one's supreme identity is the
*soul*. 

Most Western religions believe that God watches the individual's behavior.
After you die, He either eternally rewards or punishes you. If you follow
your religion's moral codes, you (as soul) go to Heaven.

Most Eastern religions believe that you (as soul) must become perfect,
balance all of its karma, and become detached from everything. You must
continue to reincarnate until you complete these tasks and become
enlightened. 

Advantages and Disadvantages:

Religions can coerce individual souls to behave morally. After all, who
wants to burn in hell forever or to reincarnate repeatedly into miserable
lives? Religions can produce strong, stable community ties. They provide
answers to humanity's key questions, fulfilling a human psychological
need. (Who am I? What am I doing here? Can I go now?) 

When you believe in a soul, you assume trans-Herculean tasks. For example,
it's not actually possible to balance your karma. Also, the idea of the
individual soul conveniently reflects the fears and desires of the ego. 


2. THE BODY

This is the atheistic model. The true self is the human body. This system
aligns itself with Earth's natural rhythms: Things die, new ones are born.
It's a natural process, like the seasons, and apparently works without God
or a soul. When you die, your true self dies.

If you are a disbeliever, some believers say that you will discover the
(atheistic) truth, but too late. 

Advantages and Disadvantages:

By believing "this is it," you take responsibility for your actions. The
devil didn't make you do it. It frees you from the tyrannies of unbalanced
moral commands. ("God says to kill the infidel.") The possibility of
suffering in future lives or going to hell doesn't stress you. 

A disadvantage is that you can't live a miraculous life. Also, in a time
of need, you have no higher force with whom to find comfort. Although
atheists see those who rely on God to be weak, others see this
relationship as a blessing. 


3. HUMANITY +

At the first level of this model, your true self is the human race. You
are a cell in the Body Human. Like a living hologram, you embody the
potential of all human thought, emotion, fear, suffering, joy, hope, and
aspiration. The idea that you are separate from the rest of humanity is
the false self. As Human, you accept the physical divisions of gender and
sub-race and the man-made divisions of nationality and creed. You are
able, however, to transcend the polarized qualities inherent in them. 

You are the drive to survive and preserve the species, to reproduce, and
to take root in as many places possible.  This model is expandable. At the
second level, you are Earth's *Human Project*. (The *Human Project* is one
of Earth's many.) Go up another level and you become a part of Sol's
*Planetary Project*. Go up a step further, and you're part of the Milky
Way's *Galactic Project*. You can take this all the way to the
All-That-Is's *Creation of Everything Project*. 

Advantages and Disadvantages:

This model allows you to accept your existential condition and grow from
there. Also, it builds compassion. You treat others with respect. You do
this not because you're afraid of hell or bad karma and not because your
trying to collect good karma or even to please God. The reason is, you
want to do it. 

Problems develop when you identify with the *Creation of Everything
Project* before psychologically coming to terms with your Humanity. This
makes you "top heavy" and out of balance. 


4. AN ILLUSION

In the world of science, one of the Next Big Things is neuroscience. The
technicians and theoreticians in this field are tackling the question of
self using the tools of science. They assume the individual self is an
hallucination. There is no true or false self. Somehow, neurons firing
away in the brain create this illusion. "You" are a relationship of
electrical impulses. You just *think* that you are someone! Once the brain
dies, the illusion ceases.

Neuroscience is in its infancy, and most of its views are highly
speculative. 

If you are a disbeliever, some believers may view you as superstitious,
afraid to face reality. 

Advantages and Disadvantages:

One advantage of this belief is that you realize that *everyone* is
transparent. Everyone is no one. Reality loosens up, at least in your
mind. Science may prove the Hindu doctrine that the self is a part of Maya
(illusion). 

Disadvantages include that you can't live a miraculous life. Believing
that individuals are electrical impulses can inhibit the growth of
compassion, a much needed human sentiment. 


5. GOD

You can interpret this model in two ways. One is that the believer is "God
in person." The false self doesn't exist. The other is that the true self
is God. In this, the false self exists. 

Disbelievers won't realize their divine potential.

Advantages:

Believing that the false self is God promotes confidence.  You must take
responsibility for your actions. 

Believing that the true self is God promotes unity consciousness. 

Disadvantages:

A few disadvantages exist with the "God in Person" model. You have vast
ego-inflating potential. It also can shatter your confidence when you
discover that you aren't omnipotent. Additionally, you leave little room
for the universe to surprise you; as God, you should know everything. As
an individual God, you might not live a miraculous life! 

A disadvantage of the true self being God is that the individual "I" can
subtly lurk in your unconscious. This promotes separation. 


6. A PROJECTION

Is it possible that the true self is an other-dimensional being,
projecting its consciousness into the human body? You've heard about
channeling; maybe you even channel. Channeling happens when an
other-dimensional entity projects its consciousness into a human body. A
walk-in happens the same way. 

When you channel, though, the false self doesn't leave the body. It takes
a rear seat to the visiting entity.  During a walk-in event, the visiting
consciousness takes over the body completely. (In the old days, when a
malevolent entity would take over a body, they'd call it a *possession*.)

The Projection model says that some time between conception and birth the
other-dimensional consciousness enters the body. It remains throughout the
life of the individual. Evolution happens as the visiting consciousness
projects its higher-dimensional energy fields and insights into the human
host. When the body dies, the other-dimensional consciousness withdraws
from the body. It awakens from its human dream. 

The projecting consciousness can be any entity who can project its mind
into forms. Planetary consciousnesses are famous for this. Most of
humanity is a projection of Earth's consciousness. Stellar entities can do
this as well (producing "star" people). Seventh-dimensional entities
explore and collect experience in this way. One of these beings can
project its consciousness into millions of life forms simultaneously
throughout the universe. 

Metaphysically, this model correlates to the Superstring theory of
science. Superstring is an extremely small (and theoretical) particle
posited by physics. These strings wriggle in tenth-dimensional hyperspace,
generating all the matter and energy in the universe, including timespace.
According to Projection theory, Superstrings are conscious entities. 

If you disbelieve this model, then you are exploring other identity
probabilities. 
 
Advantages and Disadvantages:

As a multidimensional being, you approach life as an experiment. It's easy
to explore new aspects of reality. Possibly, you can transcend third-
dimensional fear-based programs through the force of Will of the
projecting entity.

A disadvantage of this model is that you may become spaced out -
ungrounded. Imagined other-dimensional dramas may appear logical,
side-tracking you into fearful realities. 


7. ONE SOUL

This model is similar to the True Self Is God model, except that it the
latter believes in the individual "I."  God (the Holy Spirit, or the One
Soul) breathes life into everything and is the reality behind all forms.
This model states you don't have an individual soul. Instead, you are a
*projection of the One Soul*. When you die, you wake up - you remember -
that you are the Creator. All false selves are the dream of the Dreamer
Creator. 

The universe creates the illusion of individuality by using
multidimensional filters. For instance, astrological lenses, race, gender,
kingdoms, and other dimensions all create the appearance of "other." 

Disbelievers of this model experience the results of their identity. 

Advantages and Disadvantages:

The One Soul model has the same advantages of The Body model. In this
model, though, you believe in God and can live a miraculous life. It
promotes unity consciousness. 

A disadvantage is that you lose the thrill of having a "soul mission." 


8. DOHNO

The Dohno model states you *don't know* who you are. You're "open to
suggestions." This model has two planes of understanding: Higher and
Lower.

You're flying in the Lower Dohno Plane when you're confused about your
identity - and desperate. Cruising at 33,000 feet in the Upper Dohno
Plane, you might have a clue. You are, however, certain of your
uncertainty. You've dropped struggle during the Quest to find Yourself.
("Struggle" is different from "effort.")

You realize that the question of self is riddled with paradox. This
mystical, earthen-now being (self) is a thread in the Joker's costume we
call the universe. *We* are the Mystery - unfathomable, non-linear,
stuck-in-the-muds. 

Advantages and Disadvantages:

Advantages include that you can't judge others. Also, it's easy to walk
through new doorways. 

A disadvantage in the Lower Dohno Plane is that you suffer from not
knowing. In the Upper, your image may suffer: You don't commit yourself
passionately enough to such an important issue. 

What happens if you are a disbeliever? Dohno. 


Conclusion

Everyone, even the most unconscious, has a belief about who or what they
are. The impact of this belief affects your life greatly, because your
identity carries with it a complete cosmology. When you choose an
identity, you accept the inherent duality that each offers: the saved vs. 
the damned, the enlightened vs. the unconscious, the knowing vs. the
superstitious.

(Note: Some IROOT:NOTians shamelessly pluck gems from various systems and
- to the disdain of their detractors - wear them unabashedly in a
glittering Third Eye tiara. However, in all modesty, IROOT:NOTians only
show off their Cosmic Head Openers in public during solemn, official
events, like going to the post office.)

Unless you live in a cave (and don't have a cell phone), someone, some
day, will tell you how wrong you are about your identity. If this
criticism doesn't phase you, then you are in a liberated position of
consciousness. This attitude reflects humility and tolerance. 

What is another result of defining yourself? You'll think that everyone
(including disbelievers) is subject to the consequences of *your* belief
system. Regardless, we bring our humanness into whatever identity we have
chosen. 

.......................................................

Dend.
