The FEDERATION FLASH 
"Exploring the Frontiers of 
Miraculous Probability"
Issue #41; Summer 1998

Published by 
Starbuilders
P.O. Box 220964
Hollywood, FL  33022-0964
USA

Internet e-mail: starbldr@gate.net
WWW: http://www.lightwork.dk/Starbuilders
Voice: (954) 927-7900
Fax: (954) 927-7659

************ 

Starbuilders publishes "The Federation Flash" quarterly since February,
1990. It is written by Evin and edited by Katrina for those interested in
living a miraculous life. 

Subscriptions: Send e-mail saying "Subscribe." Back issues of "The
Federation Flash" plus other goodies are available free at our web page.
Hard copies (and hard copy subscriptions) are available. Send request to
above address. Donations requested, but not required. 

Starbuilders, an outreach projects of the ULC, honors all beings dedicated
to co-creating Heaven on Earth.

**************************************

Editors: Feel free to reprint articles within. Please give the following
credit: "Reprinted from 'The Federation Flash.' To receive a free copy,
e-mail: starbldr@gate.net." 

If reprinted in hard-copy, please use:  "Reprinted from 'The Federation
Flash.' To receive a free copy, write: Starbuilders, PO Box 220964,
Hollywood, FL, 33022-0964, USA. Or call: 954-927-7900." 

....................... 

In this issue:

* Greetings; Introduction

* Toe Talkin' True Believers

* More on Toe Talkin' True Believers; plus the Center Brain 

* Intent and Evolution

* Exploring the Identity Envelope

* The Miracle Zone

* Positive Uncertainty

* Less Suffering

* Miraculous Life

* IROOT:NOTian Numerological Meltdown 

* Void Diving and Cloud Castles

* The Meaning of Life and Its Opposite

* Oneness and Separation

* Transcription #208

..................................................................

Greetings! The changes taking place on the planet are wisking away bundles
of illusions. We begin to see our situations, both as individually and
collectively, more clearly. Although what we see may shatter some of our
idealistic bubbles, they nonetheless lead us to a better understanding of
life. From this position of consciousness, we can act more responsibly,
have more fun, and perhaps cause others and ourselves less suffering.

In this issue, you'll find more information on IROOT:NOTics and the TOE. 
If you are not attracted to this futuristic cup of soup, feel free to skip
to the other psycho-snacks. 

Enjoy!

...............................................

Toe Talkin' True Believers

Some people have conversations with God. Others listen to their Guides.
IROOT:NOTians commune with their Toe (Transpsychic Oracle Extraordanaire).
Unlike conventional conversations with deities, chatting with your Toe
skips the usual "head talk." For example, you won't "hear" your Toe
blatantly suggest that you "save the world." It won't nudge your emotional
body, either. Neither will It shoot energy down your spine. Way too
obvious. No, the Toe communes mystically, and you do GET THE MESSAGE. 

(A rumor emanating from the Sacred Hall suggests that a Toe transmission
is a "Loving, Invisible, Godsent, Holistic Technology" [LIGHT].) 

A "conversation" dramatically shifts your perspective. You change. Like
waking from an odd slumber, the "new you" can only cloudily remember who
the "old you" was. Because of this, we suggest that you do not exceed the
recommended dosage. One chat can saturate your psycho-cells for a sub-
stantial time. You WILL Void Dive. 

The fearless may ask, "Well, how do I talk to my Toe?" Although the method
itself is simple, the psychological state you must attain, is not. So,
what's required? 

First, you must be an IROOT:NOTian. (The reason for this is implied in the
article.) Second, you must *surrender to your Toe*. (Card-carrying members
have a GREATER CHANCE of surrendering than non-registered ones.) Third,
you must be a . . . True Believer .

Q: "But, but, how can an IROOT:NOTian be a True Believer?! True Believers
wall themselves inside the parameters of their belief system. Ack!
IROOT:NOTians are FREE [excluding s&h]!" 

A: Verily I say unto you, unconscious True Believers can start wars and
act like self-righteous know-it-alls. Their reality filters have ossified. 
Dead certain, they claim exclusive rights to Absolute Truth. (From the
Sacred Hall: "*All* humans - yes, all - are True Believers. Knowing this
will not cure you, but you will be more conscious.") They wear the clothes
of *hard core* scientists, fundamentalists, nationalists, psychologists,
new agers, and idealists of all philosophical genres - anyone who rigidly
believes that their PICTURES of reality, ARE reality. ("Let's eat the
menu.") 

IROOT:NOTians, however, can balance this trickier-than-normal psycho-
state. They believe in "Sublingual Absolute Truth." 

Perhaps what is more important is that they *can satisfy their Toe*. A Toe
requires that you *don't question It during the moment of transmission*.
If you choose to ignore the mystically encoded "information" that it sends
(fat chance), that's fine. Acting on the encoded information isn't
necessary. These codes affect the entire local sector of your universe.
The Toe whispers pre-binary symbols to the meta-conscious aspect of your
sub-atomic structure. Your structure answers, "How high?" 

Q: "What happens if I do question my Toe during the moment of
transmission?" 

A: "Nothing."

When you surrender to your Toe, you don't relinquish your Free Will.
IROOT:NOTians understand this and often take Free Will Vacations *without
the fear of loss*. (Tickets are available at HeadCenter.) Kick off your
shoes. Peel off your socks. Lie back. Enjoy. Let your Toe *decide for
you*! If you don't like what It suggests, you can always tell It to "take
a hike." (Highly Not Recommended.) 

Some interpret this "lack of will" as a sign of weakness, laziness,
spiritual irresponsibility (!), or self-abandonment. And so it might be,
*if you weren't walking in the Shadow of your Toe*. Meandering in the
shade, however, you "go with the Toe" for fun AND prophet!

In addition, a softer side of the Shadow exists. Sometimes you feel
confused, lost, weak, alone, unloved, or some other dark emotion. When
you're in the Shadow, however, you can surf these emotional seas while
remaining strong, balanced, and centered. You don't have to run from them
or try to rationalize them away. This "miracle" is possible, because the
Shadow is the intangible yet essential mechanism that links you and your
Toe. And because the Toe NEVER leaves the Center Path, YOU never leave,
either.
 

Surf without hesitating. Live free.

"Life is about living." (Book of Words)

....................................................................

More on Toe Talkin'; Plus - The Center Brain

You can commune with your Toe in another way - one that won't radically
revolutionize your consciousness. Nez Masters call this exchange the
"Transpsychic Oracle Extraordinaire, Naturally Always In Light" (TOENAIL). 
Your TOENAIL can give you specific, mundane advice. Ask, "Does he really
love me?" or "Should I ask for a raise?" - you know, the standard horary
questions - and you'll receive a straight answer. Ask metaphysical
questions, as well. You may find that *asking* is a meditation in itself. 
The answer might appear as a symbolic picture or however your "antennae" 
pick up trans-sensory information. 

Be aware of how you phrase the question. Foggy or open-ended questions
receive foggy or open-ended answers. For example, you ask, "Should I do A
or B?" You wait for an A or B answer. However, what if the outcome is C or
D - all or none of the above? 

The same cautions that apply to major communions with your Toe apply here:
go against its advice, and you must pay. (Your Toe doesn't punish you;
it's your *decision* that does.) 

The TOENAIL is a small part of your Toe, and I'll share a secret with you.
Your Toe ISN'T your spirit, your higher self, or anything imaginable. Many
try to squeeze the understanding of their Toe into some tight-fitting,
pre-manufactured SHOE (Someone's Hologram Of Everything). This, however,
inversely violates the Friendly Borg Principle. You can extrapolate other
systems into IROOT:NOTics, but not visa versa. If you extrapolate
(especially in public), the new structure won't successfully integrate.
Static will reign.

To keep in tune, remember: Cynics are Left-Brain Dependent, and True
Believers are Right-Brain Dependent. Try thinking with your Center-Brain.
(Not to be confused with your Core-Brain.) After the Toe, the Center-Brain
is our least understood meta-organ. It represents humanity's Grail of
Salvation. The Nez Master, Rasa Malai, shares an example of Center-Brain
understanding. 

"I listen to reasons that prove 'Free Will' is true. They sound logical,
and I believe. I listen to reasons that prove 'Fate' is true. They sound
logical, and I believe. Yet, each truth is exclusive. Each prevents the
other from being true. Therefore, both are false. This sounds logical,
and I believe. I move now to the Fifth Way." 

Most people can't access the Center-Brain. The polarized bands of paradox
produce a perpetual plethora of grey noise, disrupting communication. 
Because so many bands bind and blind us, you'd think that the Center-Brain
would shrivel in atrophy. But it doesn't. It exists beyond the limits set
by the planetary consciousness and the laws of physics. 

Establishing communication with your Center-Brain is like crossing a
river. You jump on one stone and then another, until you reach the shore.
A stone represents a paradox, and jumping on it means that your Toe has
seared the paradox. 

The best I can say is, *you* are the shadow that your Toe casts from the
Mystery. I could say that it's your direct link to the Void, except
whatever I said *would be not It*. For instance, your Toe is invisible,
right? Well, it is and it isn't. If your Fifth Eye was open, you would
understand. (The Fifth Eye, located just below the Fourth Eye, is actually
a *pair* of "eyes.") Humans, at this stage of their evolution, are lucky
if their Third Eye pops open. 

Ironically, Toes are like humans. A human is primarily a *receiver* of
vibrations. Your eyes receive light, and your ears receive sound. The
other sense apparatuses function similarly: taste buds, skin, and nose
thingies. Like Venus Fly Traps with legs, we wait for tasty stimulations
to land on us. The Toe, however, is infinitely more receptive than our
senses. It makes the "vacuum of space" look more dense than a mountain of
lead.

Q: "How, then, can the Toe *send* information if it's so yin?" 
   
A: "Your Toe is ALWAYS dipped in the ur-Tide, which functions as a
transformer. Messages are delivered through this large medium. The ur-Tide
translates and sends the Toe's *intention* into something that we may
comprehend." 

Use these meta-organs. They are an untapped resource that rests actively
at the heart of IROOT:NOTology. 

Q: "Why do I have to be an IROOT:NOTian to tap my Toe?"

A: "Why do you have to be Catholic to receive Holy Communion? Why must you
pay outrageous fees for $cientology 'secrets'? Everything costs. 
Ideological slackers don't like this news, preferring free metaphysical
lunches. It is, however, information to chew on."

Find the answers. Touch your Toe. Life is a gift. Live.

.....................................

Intent and Evolution

Long ago, before and beyond the flash that gave birth to Time-space,
*Intent* blazed. In silent league with the Infinite Void, Intent created
the Time-space medium. This provided a living, textured hologram in which
dancing forms could sprout and wiggle within the confines of their
psycho-bio-energetic exoskins. 

At the heart of the universe, the force of Intent blazes. Another name for
this universal force is *Will*. Many confuse Will with thought, although
one has little to do with the other. They believe that by "thinking
positive" they can positively affect themselves and the world. Instead,
they unconsciously suffer in a self-induced hell. At best, thought is a
skewed shadow cast by Will. Additionally, you can recite "affirmations" 
for decades and see little results. Chances are, you are *already what you
are affirming* anyway. Having to affirm those qualities further implies
that *you don't believe you have them*. 

Conversely, Intent has an invisible, miraculous quality. Left-brained
sceptics may scoff at the "invisible" quality of this force. Yet, a
cornerstone of modern science is the existence of "gravity waves." 
Unfortunately, no one has ever seen or measured one of these hypothetical
entities, rendering them equally invisible.

Intent can have an evolutionary impact. For example, in pre-historic
times, a small reptile was chasing its lunch. Running downhill, the hungry
little creature made a long leap, enabling it to catch its prey. Yum.
Beyond the rational scope of this creature, that big jump was noted as
evolutionarily positive. 

These creatures kept running and jumping for thousands, perhaps millions,
of years until finally, the species grew wings. The reptile didn't think,
"Gee, if only I could fly." The Intent, however, was realized at a core
level. Because Intent is at the heart of the universe, tapping this force
benefits the individual and the race, as well. Intent is what evolves a
race. 

(Note of possible interest [quoting a channeled source]: "The creature who
made that first long leap was a *walk-in*. It volunteered to evolve those
creatures from an earthbound species to a flying one.") 

IROOT:NOTians work with this force by tapping their Toe. (Using this
process, Nez Masters become *open channels for Intent*. Life Vector
Analysts use it to focus their Life Force to laser intensity.) They
experience accelerated change. One slight touch of your Toe and you
*change overnight*. 

Tap your Toe, and let your mind let go of you. You'll do everything
better, plus help pave the way for humanity's next transformation, the New
Humanity. IROOT:NOTology calls this new type of human, *Homo Miraculus*. 
IROOT:NOTians are little creatures running and jumping down hills. 
Because time is accelerating, the change shouldn't take thousands of
years.

........................................................

Exploring the Identity Envelope

At some point in your life, you'll have an identity crisis. It's part of
the joy of being human. The experience, however, doesn't always have to be
traumatic. It becomes painful only if it psychologically disables you. 
Katrina and I go through identity changes frequently. We bounce from
mundane to inane and to points between.

One of my first identity revelations occurred in the late 60's: I was a
True Musician. It was a relief to know who (or, at least, what) I was.
This identity remained for several years until, like a size-too-small
snake skin, I outgrew it. 

In the 70's and 80's, I studied with a mystic and Great Master of the
Rosicrucian Order. I found a new "me" and changed my name. Katrina went
through a similar process. While living in an ashram, she changed her
identity and her name. (We tried to match our new names with our new sense
of self.)

CHANNELING; DIMENSIONAL VIEWS

Katrina and I met in 1989 and, with Emmanuel, we created Starbuilders. 
Soon after, we started channeling. Our identity shifted again. We changed
our names. At first, we channeled entities who were curious about our
world. They were willing to share stories about theirs. They weren't
concerned with telling us "how it is." These were cordial,
interdimensional relations. 

One entity allowed me to "use his eyes." I could actually see people's
mental bodies. Our "thinking cap" sits like a finely matted hat about an
inch above the head. Their size and shape differ dramatically. 

A group of entities who called themselves The Group let me watch how
crystals work. Once while channeling them, I put a piece of muscovite (a
mineral) on my Third Eye. I saw the mineral's energy pattern. It looked
like a series of bright yellow, flattened spokes, fanning out inside my
head. The effect was to harmonize my thought patterns. Another time, they
showed me the warm, greenish ray that beamed from pink hexagonite. Its
energy was healing to the Heart Chakra. Later, I watched a piece of
columbite. Magnet-like, it picked mica-like flecks of I-don't-know-what
from my brain.

Another entity who could chat with plants expanded my hearing capacity
into another dimension. I heard an African Violet passionately complain
about her lack of companionship. (We had left her alone in the hallway.) 
This species is extremely gregarious and suffers when separated from
others.

In another vein, I teamed up with some channeled entities and wrote music.
We created many beautiful and unusual musical forms. 

THE FEDERATION OF LIGHT; TECHNOLOGIES
 
In October 1990, The Federation of Light contacted us. They explained that
we were part of an other-dimensional team participating in the planet's
evolution. We changed our names. The Federation of Light inspired us to
develop our first *technology of consciousness*, the Starbuilders
Intensive. An Intensive consists of having crystals and minerals laid on
the body while channeled music - specially written for this work - is
playing. Entities from The Federation channel through us, doing energy
work. We "tone" and chant mystical words. 

A NEW LEVEL

After about a year, we began channeling "authority" entities and shifted
again. Authority entities like to tell you "how it is," and unlike
"curious" entities, have ego issues. When it's your ego that desires to
be a channel, "twilight" entities will accommodate you. Usually, they
mold themselves to your psyche, fulfilling your desires. You feel a sense
of power and purpose. They're masters at this. They can use you, and you
don't even know it. 

Once you channel them, you think that they're perfect and that everything
is fine. Drugs, alcohol, some religions, positive thinking, politics,
science, and many things have that feature. Your mind is so seeped in them
that you lose your objectivity. 

As an analogy, imagine being in a train. It's day time and sunlight floods
into your cabin. Then, you enter a tunnel and on go the artificial lights. 
The artificial light colors everything that you see. You begin to take it
as the way that it is. It's not until you leave the tunnel that you
realize that you were seeing everything in an unnatural tint.

When the entities acted weird, we'd blame ourselves. We thought that we
were imperfect channels.  Yes, they would dish out mounds of good
information. But behind the benevolence, vibrations, strength, and wisdom,
we felt that something wasn't kosher. *Just because they are channeled
entities doesn't make them perfect*. (Use discretion.) 

As an aside, it's possible to channel a positive entity for a while. Then,
perhaps because of some psychological change on your part, that entity
leaves. A different but not-so-straight entity jumps in, taking its place. 
The new one will claim to be the original entity. It's usually easier for
onlookers to notice the switch than for the channeller.

Some claim that *all* channeled entities have a twilight nature, which
corresponds to the view of the ancient Greeks. 

WALK INS

In October 1991, Katrina and I stopped channeling and took up moping
instead. The entities had used us, and we quit. We didn't know what to do. 
What good were we? Channeling gives you a sense that you're Somebody
Special doing Something Important. Our sense of self had sunk to Nobodies. 

Then, on March 10, 1993, we noticed that something had changed radically.
We were no longer our "old selves"; we were someone else's selves! We were
walked into. This gave us reason to celebrate and to change our names.

Being walked into is similar to channeling. Both are instances of an
other-dimensional entity projecting its consciousness into your body. When
channeling, the visit is short. Your sense of identity remains inside your
head. Walk-ins stay longer, and your sense of identity (besides from being
a walk-in) practically disappears.

It was during the walk-in phase that the idea of *living a miraculous
life* came to mind. This, we found, was the highest way to serve God, the
universe, the planet, humanity, and ourselves. To speed us in that
direction, we created "technologies of light." These energetic techniques
and "light grids" made our physical, emotional, intellectual, and astral
bodies more free. Also, musically, we developed *sonic textures* that
tuned the psyche. 

After six months, the "First Team" of walks-ins left. The Second Team
followed immediately. We changed our names. The Second Team introduced
elaborate new technologies that strengthened us considerably. After six
months, they left, too, and the Third Team walked in. Several months
later, a being from the sixth team, Aldin, wrote about his identity. He
listed in detail what he was *not*. (See, "All Together Now!" pages 17
&18.) From March 1993 through March 1995, eight teams of walk-ins paraded
through our bodies.

Each time a Team arrived, they would walk in to both Katrina and me
simultaneously. I imagine that this happened because we were so in tune on
many levels. For instance, one afternoon we passed a kidney stone
together! We laid on the bed screaming like crazy. Another example is when
Katrina, Emmanuel, and I were having dinner together. Emmanuel ordered a
beer. As he drank it, Katrina and I started getting high! 

I spoke with a friend of mine, Brad Blanton, about walk-ins. Trained as a
gestalt therapist, he thought that we were "out there." I understood. 
Unless you've had another entity channel into you, you can't expect others
to believe it. It IS far out. Gestalt therapy doesn't believe in the
transference of consciousness. Therefore, you must define the phenomena
within the discipline.

WALK OUTS

Our egos *liked* what we were. You ARE different when you're a walk-in -
very different. It's more impressive than being a channel. The idea of
being walked OUT of was frightening. Gee, whiz, golly . . . Who would I
be? How would I feel? Would I still know stuff? Certainly not as much as
these confident, other-dimensional visitors. They were huger than life. 
Afraid, I didn't want to return to the pre-walk-in "me."

This made me wonder, "Who is this 'me' that's afraid of being walked out
of?" I guessed that it was my psychological self, the self-consciousness
of my physical body. 

Then, uncharacteristically, Katrina was walked out of first. It didn't
happen to us together. This was good, because I liked being a walk in.
Katrina was tired of it. I watched her very carefully. When I saw that she
was doing all right, I prepared myself and surrendered. Within two weeks,
I was walked out of, too. 

When it was over, I was surprised. Who was I? I was clueless. Yes, it felt
like "me" all right, but I was transformed. I hadn't, though, reverted to
the pre-walk-in me. My fear of being devolutionized was unfounded. I felt
unified and on equal ground with the walk-ins.

I didn't rush to change my name back to that of the pre-walk-in me. The
new "me" had more in common with the walk-ins than with the old me. So, I
kept the name of the last walk-in - Evin - and used it as my spiritual
name. 

(A note: Though we enjoyed and benefited from the walk-in experience, we
don't want to repeat it.) 

DOWN TO EARTH

Spirit, or whatever you want to call it, was leading me somewhere. I was
becoming more critical of True Believerism and of our ability to possess
Truth. (True Believerism, however, can impart cultural stability and be a
positive force for humanity, if it is non-reactionary.) I saw people
(including myself) squabbling over beliefs that neither side could prove.
Touuuch-ee. Yet, each side acted with such certainty and conviction.

Spirit also led me into business. The universe sent us an opportunity,
which we took, to supply psychics to a major "900" psychic line. As
metaphysical business people, we started "Blue Lotus Counseling," "a
Spirit Run Company." Our goal was to serve Lightworkers and to generate
funds for Starbuilders. The company grew without struggle and continues to
do so.

During this time, I taped all the Starbuilders Technologies. Administering
them in person had become time consuming for us and expensive for the
receiver. Putting them on cassette fixed both problems.

BEING HUMAN

For the last several years, I had radically stretched the identity
envelope. Now, I would minimize. Although existentialism was too dry for
me, I jumped in, pretended it was real, and explored it. I was a human
being - nothing more - just like everyone else. When I shared this view
with other New Age people, I noticed that some weren't too enthusiastic.
They appeared, in fact, to *deny their humanity*. I thought, "Why deny
being human? Sure, you might be more than human, but you're *at least*
human." 

I developed respect for fire fighters, rescue workers, police, and all
heroes who risk their lives to save others. Expanding my community
service, I started PROJECT SHINE. We would donate uplifting books to
prisoners and prison libraries.

IROOT:NOT

Being "just human" was okay. It was enough. Then, two events changed that: 
IROOT:NOT and the Tune-Up. IROOT:NOTology sprang from my psyche like water
from a fountain. A *Group Magi* (or "group soul") from the future claimed
to be the source of this information. It pumped Future Alchemy down the
temporal river and into my brain. 

I played along, scribing, and accepted my title as "The Unsavior." (Hey,
it felt right.) IROOT:NOTian principles made sense. My perspective
changed. I felt above it all, yet paradoxically, more here. 

Being organic and expansive, IROOT:NOTics eventually "assimilated" and
clarified much of the Starbuilders material. Starbuilders philosophy
became a sub-set of IROOT:NOTology. For example, the Starbuilders
Technologies are an early branch of IROOT:NOTian "Metascience." Also, the
Federation of Light is a name of the IROOT:NOTian Group Magi.

I saw the value of the IROOT:NOTian process of "searing paradox." The more
paradoxes that are seared, the more whole you become. It's a holistic
healing process. Entwining yourself in Polarized Paradoxical Fields of
Disharmonic Attraction ("P-Zones") fragments you. It drains your energy. 
Your identity becomes a lopsided mosaic - a personal creation of
psychologically glued together "issue" chips, peeled from various P-Zone
walls.

ESOTERICA

The other event that I mentioned was the "Tune Up." (That's the new name
for the original "Starbuilders Intensive." It's the only technology that
we continue to apply in person.) Katrina and I did a session with her
brother, Steven, at his request. We did the whole enchilada - crystals,
toning, everything. We didn't expect much to happen, because Steven is
normal. However, after we'd finished, he told us about his unusual
experiences. 

Besides seeing "purple lights" and feeling unexplainable things, he "felt
lighter." "I'm going to weigh myself when I get home," he said. (It wasn't
pounds that he lost, but auric density.) We had forgotten how supernatural
the work was. 

This made me think, "Hmm. If I was 'just human,' then this couldn't have
happened. Besides, 'just humans' don't do this stuff." In the past, I knew
this. Now, I had forgotten that I was an instrument of some supernatural
power. (The "Twilight Zone" theme plays in the background. A dog barks in
the distance.) Balance includes accepting both spiritual and material
realities. 

The next week, we went to Steven's house for dinner. He told two of his
guests about his Tune Up experiences. They forced smiles and walked away.
"Normals" don't want to hear about it. That's why it's best not to discuss
it with them (unless spirit directs). They'll think that you're weird.
Esoteric ("hidden") information should, to an extent, remain esoteric.
It's a social thing. 

Being "an instrument of supernatural powers" has a powerful magnetism.
Like a flattened bug on a windshield, it can bond your ego to the
megalithic illusion that you're better than everyone. To avoid this, I
think, "Sure, [apparently] some Force uses me. But one day I'll die like
everyone else." Death is the Great Equalizer. 

A CONSTANT; OTHER PARTS

Throughout these changes, one identity hasn't changed. I've been a
minister with the Universal Life Church (ULC) since 1971. It wasn't until
1989 when we founded Starbuilders, though, that I became active. I began
preaching the Word: Live a Miraculous Life! (or some variation). 

I've also been a writer, which has helped me express myself. I use mute
symbols (printed words) to animate the voice in your head. Hear it? Hear
it? 

On May 12, 1992, I joyfully took on another identity. I became a proud
father. Kayla, my daughter, is one of the great loves of my life. Thank
you, God! 

Other identities include "rock hound" (I love crystals), amateur
philosopher of science (How does the Void that the universe is expanding
in, interact with the universe?), photographer, poet, evolutionist
(Perhaps *consciousness* should fit into Darwinism), magician,
foodatarian, New Age crystal shop owner (The "Blue Dragon Emporium," "A
Spirit Run Shop"), and astrologer. Together, these parts make up my
existential self, which in turn, is a sub-set of an even larger self. 

Roles, social and biological associations, plus a collection of individual
interests and actions form your existential identity. It's the easiest and
safest way to define yourself, because it's within the realm of common
human experience. No one will laugh at you. 

Spiritual identities, on the other hand, are based on speculation. They
usually look strange to outsiders. They pass for normal only because
believers agree that they're true. I flirt with the idea that I'm part of
the IROOT:NOT Group Magi. It's part of my spiritual aspect. If many
agreed, then I'd be normal, at least within that group.

On a larger scale, a spiritual identity, when embraced by a nation, will
create part of the temperament of that country. Depending upon how they
envision their God, that's how they'll behave (to an extent). For example,
angry, aggressive, and jealous gods "produce" angry, aggressive, jealous
societies. Balanced gods produce harmonious societies. (This applies to
polytheism, as well.) 

THERE?

So, am I any closer to knowing my true identity? I believe that my
understanding of myself (and consequently, of others) has become more
unified. Yet, maybe all ID tags are superfluous. They're like signatures
that we write on the ephemeral paper of time with impermanent, mental ink. 

The solution to the Who AM I? puzzle may be beyond my capacity to grasp. 
Religions, gurus, spirituality, and the sciences - each can provide only a
piece of the puzzle. Even if we *could* collect all the pieces, we still
couldn't solve IT. (If we did solve it, the universe would probably end.)

You can, however, enjoy playing, even if there's no solution. You float
like a bubble in the ocean, until you pop. The more that you stay loose
and centered, the more interesting it becomes. One day, you realize that
you are it. Whatever it is. 

................................

The Miracle Zone

Reality has many layers. People have built many models describing these
layers. Some call them "dimensions" while others call them "densities." 
Science includes the realms of size, from the universe-at-very-large to
the exceedingly fine-grained sub-atomic level. 

Woven into all layers of reality, including the most dense, is "The
Miracle Zone." Most religions believe that they hold the exclusive key to
this "place," yet, none do. 

The Miracle Zone is non-discriminatory; it doesn't care what you believe. 
Hindus may call on Kali, Christians on Christ, and Muslims on Mohammad. 
What they're tapping into, however, is the M-Zone. The M-Zone, which is an
entity of sorts, can answer your prayers. It can materialize. It can
appear as Mother Mary or as Krishna. Because its nature is unconditional
love, it effortlessly flows to fit your expectations.

End of transmission.

.....................................

Positive Uncertainty

"Certainty is like a tall rain cloud, floating heavily over your head. Now
and then, it rains on you, as if to say, 'Yes, I am real.' A little rain
is nourishing. It clears, cleans, and especially, promotes growth. When it
rains too much, though, floods destroy your foundation. 

"After awhile, the cloud will pass. The sun will shine. You see its light,
though itself invisible, reflecting off creation. Light becomes your new
certainty. As time unfolds within itself, another tall cloud appears. This
is the natural cycle of Positive
 Uncertainty."

From "Real Shadows" by Zon Doland

..........................

Less Suffering

Many try to give reasons why we suffer. Some call it "learning" or "paying
back karma." Some call it "God's wrath" or give other reasons. While some
suffering is inherent in nature, we create much of it - for ourselves and
others. Being more kind or pleasant and being less harsh and cruel will
change the world, a least a little in that moment. 

............................

Miraculous Life

You can make changes in your life that will move you towards living a more
miraculous life. First, your prime directive must be *to live a miraculous
life*. This sounds simple, yet most religions and philosophies focus on
other goals. They aim at clearing karma, saving themselves or others from
sin, or similar ideals. (These goals may be worthy, yet produce different
results.) If you're focused on something other than living a miraculous
life, then the results will reflect your focus. So, first, check your
goals. 

Q: "Isn't living a miraculous life selfish?"

A: "To some, living a miraculous life is the highest way to serve God, the
universe, the planet, and others. You allow miraculous energy to use you
freely, to perform The Work at a much higher level than any struggling-to-
do-it-right human could ever achieve. It's the path of transcendence."

Once you've oriented yourself, begin removing un-miraculous elements from
your life. Just hate your lumpy bed? Ditch it, and buy a comfortable one! 
How are your relationships? Does repulsive uncle Ned keep dropping in,
unannounced? Politely ask him to call first, and then when he calls, tell
him not to stop by. (Sometimes, you need to be firm.) The same applies to
other elements in your life. Remove the un-miraculous, and make room for
the miraculous. (Balance is very important at this stage. Don't throw the
baby out with the bath water.)

Maybe this procedure sounds materialistic; there's nothing miraculous
about it. Yet, if your life is cluttered with unpleasantness, it's much
tougher (though not impossible) to become lighter and allow miraculous
energy to flow through you. Once you're dealing with less static, you'll
notice the miraculous side more easily. 

The elements of living a miraculous life vary from person to person. A
miracle to one is a nightmare to another. Remembering this relieves you of
having to criticize the dreams of others. 

The popular idea of a miracle is a cancer cure, an appearance of a deity,
winning the lottery, and the like. You can, however, live a miraculous
life without depending on grand events - although you don't have to rule
them out. A miraculous life consists of a continuous string of mini-
miracles. An outsider would call this string "coincidence" or "luck." To
those wearing miracle glasses, however, it looks as if the universe (the
"Miracle Zone" aspect of it) has anticipated what you want or need and
provides it to you - in advance. 

So, that's the basic outline. Put the various elements together and make
it work. Avoid being too idealistic, though. Because you're in a human
body, even living a miraculous life won't immunize you from occasional
suffering. Our species won't be free of suffering until it makes its
evolutionary leap into *Homo miraculus*. 

.....................................................................

IROOT:NOT Numerological Meltdown

In spiritual circles, ONE is the number for which you strive. It
represents unity, harmony, and all the warm, fuzzy ideals that we
attribute to spiritual life. The current state of humanity, however, is
TWO - duality. Whatever you can say about anything, someone can always
counter you. Friction happens. The sentiment, "Gee, if we were ONE, this
wouldn't happen," is idealistic yet genuine. You don't advance, though, by
going backward to ONE. (You left ONE when you assumed the human disguise.)
Instead, you move forward to THREE.

THREE represents transcending TWO. IROOT:NOTology calls the THREE state
*surfing the earth plane*. Like the "distance" between all numbers, the
change from TWO to THREE takes time, and not everyone makes this leap in
his lifetime. If humanity was to move only to THREE, it would solve most
of its problems. However, it's possible this leap won't happen for gener-
ations (unless metascience intercedes). 

Once you become a surfing pro (you embody THREE), you're ready for FOUR.
This number signifies integration, the grounding of spiritual energy into
a practical lifestyle. You feel at home wherever you are. After this, you
rise to FIVE. 

FIVE is a star number representing extraterrestrial and other-dimensional
energies. It beams like a conscious light bridge, linking other
dimensions. SIX follows and is the next level of integration. It
represents divine justice, balance, and wisdom. 

SEVEN embodies the state where you are consciously helping others on
other-dimensional planes. EIGHT is similar to FOUR and SIX in that it
signifies integration, but additionally you are secure while living on the
edge of Sub-Quantum infinity. 

NINE plunges you off that edge into The Mystery. Neither words, thoughts,
nor feelings can contain this level of reality; yet you merge, Neptunian
style, *becoming* the Mystery. To reach TEN, you must be extremely focused
on conscious evolution. 

TEN completes this cycle and brings you to the next level of the upward
spiral. TEN also symbolizes the First Degree of True Cosmic Consciousness.
It represents the joining of ONE (matter/energy) and ZERO (void). Cosmic
Yang embraces Cosmic Yin. Together they are balanced, dancing, different,
and equal, but at a level of paradox so profound that meditating on it for
too long can make your mind disintegra. . . .

Beginning the new cycle, ELEVEN is a ONE built on the TEN. TWELVE is a TWO
built on the TEN, and so on. 

Futuristically, when humanity has evolved into a new species (Homo
miraculus), "children" will be "born" into the EIGHT state. The EIGHT
state has great traits: only love, never hate; never early, never late,
because time's rate is not a date, but more like fate that freewill ate.

.......................................................

Void Diving and Cloud Castles

When you "know how it is," you're stuck at that level of understanding. To
transcend, you must realize that your beliefs are *beliefs* - not facts.
Once you admit that you don't *know* but are guessing, then an opening
appears. New information can trickle - or flood - into your mind and
create a more open and expansive understanding. During this restructuring
of consciousness, you go through a stage of *not knowing*. IROOT:NOTology
calls this stage the *Duh Zone*. 

Not knowing what's happening can trouble your mind, because its job is to
know "how it is." That's Rule Number One. Void Divers are Duh Zone
specialists, not because they have a handle on Diving, but because they
find themselves "between realities" a lot. They'll meander through a
"cloud castle" (belief system) for a while. Then, at a cosmically
appointed time, the cloud castle starts to deteriorate. Losing "solid"
ground, they *fall upward*, entering the stratospheric Duh Zone.
Eventually, they land in another castle . . . hopefully. 

Life is a tender balance between knowing and not knowing. Too much knowing
and the castle turns to stone, crashing to earth; too little, and you're
anxiously driven without rest to find stability. 

Question everything - Seek balance - Stay open.

...................................................................

The Meaning of Life and Its Opposite

"Life Has Meaning"

Most believe that life has meaning. Maybe the meaning that you've chosen
is to "learn." Or, maybe it's to "serve" or to "be." 

You have plenty of choices, all of which are products of culture. Who's to
say which is real? You could say that they're all real, but many are
mutually exclusive. For example, some believe that life is about grabbing
as much money as possible, not caring how you treat others or the
environment to get it. Compare this to the idea of loving and serving
others. 

Some consciously choose a noble meaning to cover a not-so-noble
unconscious impulse. For example, a religious zealot might desire to save
the soul of others. However, he may be doing this (on an unconscious
level) to feel superior, worthy, or whatever. He's not a hypocrite, but
unaware. 

Whatever you choose, meaning is subjective. It's not fact. It is a collage
of words, feelings, beliefs, and images that may exist only in your head.
However, even if you can't *prove* that life has meaning, believing in one
is comfortable. The IROOT:NOTian axiom, The Universal Four, supports this
expression of faith: "It's a life." Besides, look at the rich, subjective
experiences of your life. *Something* greater than your ego must be at
work, and it should have a Plan.

Walking on Air

Two factors support the illusion that meaning is fact rather than belief. 
First is the principle that the universe rearranges itself to accommodate
your picture of reality. You project expectations on many levels, and the
universe reacts - not in mirror-like fashion - but it does conform. For
example, say that you're afraid of everyone. Your posture, emotions, body
language, tone of voice, speech patterns, and the like will express that
fear. All sentient beings will notice on some level and act accordingly. 
They are a part of the universe.

Second, your mind shapes information, making it fit within the context of
your belief system. For example, say you channel. You'll interpret that
within a multidimensional context: an other-dimensional being is
projecting its consciousness into your head. You're like a radio
receiving a transmission. A psychologist, however, who only accepts
scientific explanations, will define you as delusional. You can't squeeze
"other-dimensional beings" into that picture of reality. Those beings
don't exist. 

This process of shaping information to fit your reality system works well,
until it encounters another system that proves overwhelmingly that your
belief is fiction. On a large scale, Western technological civilization
destroys the myths of many Stone Age cultures that it invades.

"Life Is Meaningless"

For others, life is meaningless. Existence is a sequence of random events.
Chance and natural forces shape life. These two elements work in blind
tandem, sometimes pushing you into walls, sometimes passing patches of
happiness to you. When you die, that's it - whatever you've believed is
finished (despite reassurances that you, as an individual, would
continue). The IROOT:NOTian axiom, The Universal Four, supports this
grounded perspective: "It's a life." 

Existentially, looking at the stark condition of the world, the evidence
favors meaninglessness. Because of this, most believers in meaninglessness
are atheists; only a cruel God would allow so much suffering. It's better
to have no God than a cruel one.


Two . . . Two . . . Two Sides in One

Duality breeds irony. For instance, believers in Meaning can argue: "When
you [The Meaninglessites] say, 'chance and natural forces shape your
life,' you give meaning to life. It implies that life is absurd, and this
is a meaning."

Similarly, believers in Meaninglessness can argue: "Your hopeful,
spiritual ideals are defenses - illusions of the weak - protecting you
[The Meaningians] from the harshness of life. When you die, they vanish
like forgotten gods of old. Essentially, your definitions are empty -
meaningless." 

Both arguments have an equal chance of being true; yet, both are strings
of words designed to prove a picture of reality. 

Theistic Meaninglessness

Even if you believe in God, you can find yourself in a meaningless
universe. Once you accept that meanings are guesses, you realize how
tenuous these reality structures are.

Reality systems spring from culture. The system isn't yours; you're just
agreeing with a (usually modified) explanation that somebody else thought
up. Even if you invent your own meaning, it will contain culturally
defined elements. It's still a guess. 

As you settle into the psychic/psychological environment of theistic
meaninglessness, you start to become empty. This place is not an end, but
a beginning. 

............................................

Oneness and Separation

Are oneness and separation natural states? Being born, you take on form.
Your psychological nature separates you, at least in your mind, senses,
and emotions, from the Source. You become like a distinct bubble floating
within the vast Ocean of Isness (God). 

To continue the analogy, the "skin" of the bubble toughens as you mature. 
That is, you become more sure that you, as a unique ego, are you and not
someone else. After a while, though, you shift. You begin heading in the
other direction. You start to diffuse. The bubble expands and encompasses
more of the world. Its walls, however, grow thinner. You realize that one
day you'll "pop" (die). 

If you have been cultivating your consciousness and its connection to the
Ocean, then that news is okay. "Popping" is natural. Once you "pop," you
lose your individuality and experience the oneness of the Ocean again. 

This model implies that your "essence" isn't personal like a soul. 
Instead, *you* are infinitely more cosmic; you are the Ocean itself. 
(Ironically, a bubble that claims to be the Ocean is experiencing itself
as a bubble.) As an individual, you peek into this life for a moment, just
like everyone else. You see your reflection on the wall of the bubble and
*believe* you *are* that reflection, which you are, but not in the way
that it looks. Cosmically, you are all the other bubbles and they're all
you. Identity is a watery paradox. 

Bubbles, though distinct, are nonetheless part of the ocean. Knowing this
makes being separate okay. 

.................................

Transcription #208   

I write this message not with feathered pen, but with ball points of
light, pulsing through the time canal into your eyes of present. Your mind
organ [brain] takes these now-set shapes and organ-izes them into pictures
and meaning that only you, at the point of intimacy, understand. 

I cannot call you "my child," for we exist beyond those relationships.
Indeed the degree of our oneness is beyond your species' ability to know
[yet wonder]. Words and thoughts may sketch images of divine unity, but
the living dynamics [of this unity] make those images as featureless
shadows. 

Know this: you are in time. As you process these [symbols] words, you
experience time. But now, draw a breath - exhale. Again. Let your mind go.
You experience rhythm. The rhythms are the same, yet no two moments are
exactly alike. 

Your mind is a rhythm. Back and forth, knowing - not knowing. Sages say
"let the mind rest." Let it rest. Let it be still. Does it sleep? Let it
sleep. And let it dream the dreams of ages not yet born. These dreams
shall be pathways that the Tomorrow You (who you may never know) walk, and
with each golden step, move one step closer to the unseen glory, the smile
behind the mortal mask, the hand that holds the universe, steadily, until
it closes, the candle down, as the new sun rises.

Alap Ses, Nez Master
Appendix - The Book of Words

...................

Finix
