                                THE MWP FILES
                                -------------
                                 File #10 of
                                  Issue #2

                                Summer of '97
                                -------------
                 
Author:Misc.
Dates Written:Various times.

                          "As the Beige Box turns."
Editorial Note:This is a new series of articles written by MWP and those who
have experienced threatening, life-in-death situations, security personell,
old ladies with brooms and my personal favorite, vicious dogs.
*Is this in no way what so ever to be emulated as a serious article.



               "As the Beige Box turns."-Introductional story
                          by StealthChip(Editor)

             "The dog in the dark, and the pinch ass widthy fellows."
Well, it was a great night. Clear skies, no local security guards, and in no
way what so ever, dogs. Well I thought.
I started towards my victim's house when I stepped in something squishy. Oh
great. Dog crap. Karma level, 0. 

I kept going with a light heart when I saw a great house. It was dark and had
a small bush to hide behind. I was hooking up the aligator clips when I heard
a chain rattle. I thought nothing of it and then I felt a large gouge. No
seriously. A very LARGE gouge. It hurt like a SOB.
I started running like hell when all the sudden I saw the worst, and most
sickening thing in my life. Old, fat and rather stinky widthy fellows
playing pinch me in the ass sex-tag. I thought to myself about the art of the
Beige....Why was I here? Just for a conf and a few calls to old school friends
in UT...And then I thought to myself, these are the stories of, "As the Beige
Box turns."
So please, send me YOUR stories of Beige Boxing expereinces.

StealthChip@juno.com (My very respectable and free E-Mail account.)


                           "The hidden pond."
                               By Bjork
We began walking(me and my friend), and we choose a house. We did the routine
of, "going up and pretending your saling something to see if they're home".
Nobody was. We looked through the fence for dogs and saw none. We then
proceeded to hop the fence. That was a big mistake my friends, a BIG mistake.
I hopped over to find myself going 3 feet under. I landed straight in a pond.
Well, after the pond, we still beiged and setup a conf. Then I thought to
myself, these are the stories of, "As the Beige Box turns."


                       "This was just not my day."
                 By Tekno-Buzz[Friend and associate of MWP]

It is 101 degrees outside, I didn't know it was that hot.  I sat in the grass,
hooked up my beige, and when I tried to call the first time, I got stung by 3
PHREAKING BEES!!!    Then I got up... ran like shit after enchiladas, and
went to another place to beige.  I sat down... by then my shirt was completely
soaked in sweat, and called them up... I ordered the first - to you, and they
had me call Mastercard and change the address, so I did.  I called and ordered
the second... Manuals... and had to change the address AGAIN!!!  So I did that
.  I FINALLY got to mine, and I called a different place, for a different
lappy, and I got that one with no trouble.  I finally got to going back home
when I cop pulled over to me!  I just pretended I didn't notice and kept going
on my rollerblades... but then he said "Excuse me?"  and I said... uh, yes sir
officer?" and he said, do you need a ride? you look tired!"  I said, no thanx.
.. my house is right down the road... so that scared the shit outta me...  I
finally got going again, and about 200 feet down the road, my ROLLERBLADES
WHEEL BROKE!!!  I fell flat on my face... this just was NOT my day...But then
I relized that theses were the stories of, "As the Beige Box turns."


--
StealthChip:Please tune in next Issue for the continuing saga of, "As the
Beige Box turns."


EOF
