                                THE MWP FILES
                                -------------
                                 File #6 of
                                  Issue #2

                                Summer of '97
                                -------------

Date:7-19-97

                        =+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=
		       ( Public Enemy #1 )
                       (      By         )
                       (     InSaNe      )
                        =+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=
              
Every history teacher will tell you that the past reflects the future 
when you ask him or her why do we need to know about history.  For 
phreakers they should know a somewhat elabrote background on 
Telecommunications.  Telecommunication services and providers have 
grown with the era of the electron and the swicth.  It was the beauty 
of the baud that brought phones into the world of computers.  Phones 
have helped the computer industry grow.  The vast world of computers 
would be very dull and boring if telecommunications had not have been 
brought into it.  Some prime companies such as AT&T and MCI are now 
evolving.  AT&T, which stands for American Telephone and Telegraph, was 
orignally American Bell Telephone which was the first company that 
started the telephone.  If you do not know (which in this case would 
mean you have an I.Q. below 5) these companies were named after the 
man who started it all, Alexander Gram Bell.  It was bought and, under
 the tutelage of another huge company, became the monopolous phone 
provider.  Huge telepone company that was the Microsoft of the 
Seventies and Eighties.  It was the ONLY telco until the Seventies.  
It was broken up by the justice department in 1982, which created lots 
of little baby RBOCS.  In 1990 their phone network crashed, which got 
them in to major trouble.  Now Lucent Technologies has taken over this
spectrum.  They now own AT&T and all Bell Labrotories.  Phreaking was 
the backbone of hacking.  AT&T was worried more about 
what the hell was wrong with their security and phone services than 
their competitors because they were the only ones out there.  They 
couldn't keep up with technology and make it work for them instead of 
allowing phrackers like me and you to navigate throughout the Bell 
System.  Then competition came.  People tried them out and they kept on 
coming and coming.  Finally came computers and with computers came more
problems.  Hackers had now entered spectrum in which phones were the 
dominant ones.  Computer phreaking had come into place.  But there were
still the phreakers who had no desire what so ever to learn how to use
these new things.  Phreakers kept on Phreaking and tried hard to 
develop new ways in which they didn't have to pay for the phone service.
Things just kept on coming up.  Boxes that the phreaks used 
multiplied greatly.  It went from the first blue box that Capn' Crunch 
made to the red box which was very useful with payphones with ACTS or 
Automated Coin Toll System.  Then Ma Bell decided "Hey, now we got 
technology; we're in with computers."  So they made more and more 
things digital.  They stopped making payphones with ACTS so that 
cancelled out the blue box and the red box.  Then came the beige box. 
This was a whole other concept.  With this phreaks found a weakness.  
The houses in a community.  Payphones had been secured.  They could 
never secure every house in the U.S..  The beige box enabled phreaks 
all around the country to dial all around the country without them 
paying for it.  They would simply go to the side of a house and plug 
in their phone and PRESTO.  Dial to your friend in California if your 
in Florida or anywhere else.  The person who would pay would be the 
person or the victim who was living in the house.  This never hurt 
AT&T one bit before the seventies because there was no one else to go 
to and they were still getting their money; and plus, there was no 
beige box.  Many modifycations came with this beige box. Some of these 
were boxes like the crimson box, tan box, and the swtich box.  The crimson
box provided a way to listen but not talk when beige boxing.  It would also
come in handy at the house because instead of buying a $30.00 phone with a
hold button from Radio Shack you could simply make these yourself.  Also you
could kill your phone line so if you have a plan to skip school flip a switch
and the crimson box makes the phone line "disconnected", then if you get
caught no one is home.  The tan box became useful for eavesdropping without
being there and having proof that the said this or that by recording it.
The switch box is identical to the crimson box with one exception; it is
made for phones with two lines.  Any form of beige boxing has to be done
outside and it is easy to find out if you made it correctly and it works.
Black boxing is done from the inside and is hard to find out if it works.
It isn't a simple procedure to build either.  The plans that I have are very
vague and the shematics are mixed up.  There is many different variations of this box too; just like the beige box.  One
type deals with an easy hook up with a PC/circut board.  It is VERY easy to
hook up but extremly hard to build because there are no instructions or
steps, just a shematic.  I suggest you make a beige box for your first box
and get fimilar with the Bell System.  Go on the side of your house in the
middle of the day and play around with the trunks and the prongs and go
exploring through the jungle of wires.  Figure out how to conference call
from the side of someones house while beige boxing.  Then move on to the
electronics.  Goto Radio Shack a lot and browse.  Get a good look at all the
resistors and LED's and capcitors and potiemeters.  Know what they look like.
Then when the time comes, you can go in and buy supplies for any box and
learn how to solder well (which is VERY hard for me to do).  If you live
in an apartment complex and you are all bummed out because you can't do
this STOP!  You have it off easy!  There is a meterroom on the first floor of one of your apartment buildings.  If they keep the
door locked then go back to your building and invent a cure for the common
cold but if it is unlocked you have it off the easied way. You can go beige
boxing and just sit in the meter room all night.  You can busy box in about
two minutes because you're right there and your not in a hurry not to be
caught.  Heck, take all the time in the world.  Also, take it one box at a
time. Parts are very easy to mix up.  Especially resistors.  Always keep them
in there package so you know the Ohm's.  SPST and DPDT Switchs and
Pushbuttons are kind of hard to tell apart.  Always keep them in the package
or case.  If you start making a lot of boxes, get a tool box for all the
parts and boxes to go in.  Keep them in one place to with all the nescessary
tools like a soldering gun.  For box plans go to www.yahoo.com and type in
phreak and click on the catergory and check out those web pages.  Its getting
to be 12:00am and I got a party to go to. Happy Phrack and may the schwartz
be with you.

MWP® Productions
Phreaking Dept.101
Unauthorized use is Prohibted
(c)Copyright 2000
xxinsanexx@juno.com
"...And the blind man said to his deaf wife `I see'."
 
