                                THE MWP FILES
                                -------------
                                 File #9 of
                                  Issue #2

                                Summer of '97
                                -------------
                              
                                   
The Ditto Box Made Easy
By: SkWeRiLLy(The Elite) of MWP
Mad Props to Dr. Ditto, You're the MAN!

***READ FULL FILE BEFORE MAKING***

INTRO-	Alright, the ditto box is the shit, but the plans are kind of 
confusing.  Since I made one, and it came out pretty good (I know this 
from recording fone calls me and my friends made), I thought it would be 
cool to make a phile that has an easier( and less confusing) way to make it.

Materials-
	Wire(a good amount)
	wire cutter
	wire stripper
	an on/off switch
	a fone
	RCA plug
	a portable tape player w/Record button and a microphone
	a solder iron
	solder
	*that's about it*

How To-Now, the first thing you might want to do is put a mute switch in the 
fone(optional).  What you want to do is find a fone with screws holding it 
together, but if not, it is ok.  If it's molded together,  just pop the 
plate around the buttons off, take out the screws, and pry  the molding 
apart with a screwdriver.  Now that it is off, find the receiver( the part 
you talk into); there should be two wires going into it.  Choose either one, 
it doesn't matter.  Cut the wire and strip about 1½" off each end.  Now 
here's when the switch comes in.  There should be at least 2 prongs on the 
bottom of the switch.  If there are more than 2, just pick any 2 that you 
want.  Now take 2 pieces of wire about 4" in length and strip about 1" off 
of each end of the wires.  Take one wire and solder it to one prong of the 
switch.  Now repeat for the other wire and prong.  After you're done with 
that, connect the two wires to the loose ends in the fone receiver.  This 
should complete the circuit( For any intellectually devoid retard: this 
disconnects the circuit making it so any person on the other end of the line 
can't hear you.  If you need help, look at  diagram #1. 
* If you want, you can drill a hole in the fone molding so you can stick the 
switch part out of on/off switch out of it and keep the rest of the switch 
inside the fone.  There is a little nut that you screw onto the switch so it
 doesn't fall into the fone. 
	
Now comes the tricky part, but if you think about it, it is really simple. 
All it is is a closed circuit with a fone and a recorder.  First what you 
need to do is open up your recorder and trace the two wires going to the 
microphone back to the motherboard, and find where they are soldered.  
Then take two pieces of wire(6-8" in length) and strip about 1 ½" off of 
each end.  Now solder one wire to each spot that the other two wires connect 
to the motherboard.(And if you didn't figure it out, you are gonna have to 
put a hole in the casing for the two wires to stick out). Now pick up the 
fone and find the two wires coming and going from the speaker(the part you 
hear out of).  Choose one of the wires and cut it and strip about 1 ½" off
of each end of the wire.  Now solder a 6-8" wire to each of the loose ends. 
And yes, you have to put a hole in the casing of the fone so the wires stick 
out.  Now you should have a phone with two wires sticking out and a recorder
with two wires sticking out.  Now attach one of the set of wires to a male or
female part of an RCA plug.  Attach the other set of wires to the other part 
of the RCA plug(an RCA plug is a little white plug with metal prongs inside 
*you can use any kind of plug you want*).  See diagram #2 for help.


Uses- Now that you have completed the construction of your box,  you should
test your box by recording any conversation to make sure all the connections 
are good.  And if you really think, the possibilities are endless.  You could
do this with your stereo and record calls from your room,  you could do this 
with a portable recorder and run up somebody's fone bill, by calling sex 
lines from their fone box, and my personal favorite of calling sex lines with
"kinky" call backs, tell them to call back in 5 minutes, disconnect and run 
like a mo fo.
***If your recorder has a radio on it, you will hear a dial tone over the 
speaker when you pick up the fone.***


***Disclaimer- I take no responsibility for any type of trouble you get into
with your newly created box, this file is actually for your viewing 
entertainment only.***     


                               			
